They did not need to make his battle music such a banger but I’m glad they did
What is the name of the song
“Flouring with you”
Unironically a Huge Banger, i have been having it on repeat
That's Touhou style music for ya lol
recognized you from that omori song tierlist series and that fellow phobia mashup thing (it was a banger btw)
the music for this fight was so good i cried.. . &#x200B;. . not sad tears. . &#x200B;. . but tears of pure energetic emotional overload
the most annoying battle with the best boss music in the game
Best battle and best battle music
*Fitnessgod music starts*
AWAKEN MY QUIVERING ABS
Theres always a tinge of warhammer in every fandom ever. . . . . "Hydra Domitatus"
Hmph. You found me.
I don't think he'd ever *fully* recover but it's like the ending song, he'd keep carrying on and trying to make improvements in his life even if he's been filled with the kind of trauma no one should ever have to go through.
Not gonna lie, WEP gives me major Omori Vibes. From the music to the themes.
is it worth a watch? I see the blue haired girl a lot but I haven't heard anything about the quality of the show
It definitely is worth a watch, especially if you liked Omori since the themes align. The show remains steady for 7 episodes but then feels kinda rushed and episode 11 isn't kind of controversial. The actual final episode (which will conclude the series) will release in June. Overall, for me, I really enjoyed it: the art and animation was stellar and the characters were very charming. Most of it was pretty good, and hopefully the last episode will stick the landing. . . Ohh also the first episode is actually one the the best first episodes that I've ever seen in anime. It's gorgeous through and through. Definitely worth it.
I'll check it out!
I'm sorry.
I found out in a pretty weird way. A month ago I saw a [fan animation of chainsaw man]() on youtube (spoiler alert). It was really well done and I liked the music a lot; in the comments I saw people writing stuff like "finally chainsaw man fans meet OMORI fans", I found out the song was called My Time and it was the song of the trailer of a game called OMORI, which I had never heard before. I watched the trailer, then I watched the other two, and then I bought the game
i found about omori though an r/ena post about ena emotions in the form of omori emotions chart, that day i found a free dl of it and that night i was changed
ena says trans rights!!! damn right gurl <3
hey same thing kinda happend to me the first time saw the dream world i was like wow what a cute art and music to and its rpg to i am in but oh boy was i wrong it was not the cute game that i saw good thing i never get scared tho
I just think in the song Vs. Susie while fighting her
super ghost busters is the greatest musical piece that has ever come out, thank you for recognizing that
ghast bistin
Ghost Busters! They're back in town!
YOU NEED TO PEE
That is so craz-y
WHAT THE FUCK 
You need to pee
That song playing in my head lmao.
Depends on what song is playing and in what chord cause I will say I hate "Sayo-nara". This shit made me want to commit ceiling yoga more than I already did.
I am crying just thinking of hearing that song.
I do like the Slave Knight Gael theme, but I think we all know [what song would be playing (spoilers ahead)]()
*Use tissue. . *Healing music started. . *Omori feel great!. . Oh no
Welcome to hornyjail you've been living here for as long as you can remember
"Hey uh, you dropped your soap there bud."
"your friends feel as good as new!"
🤔
I mean.. it would work with the original blog version of Omori...
mmm yes
*Screen turns white*
Given that the Omori fandom is a safe space and inspiration for a lot of creative works, from fanfictions to drawings to fanmade music, I'm going to disagree with you. Creative spaces shouldn't have AI slop in it, no matter how benign the generated content may seem. It's literal plagiarism
how do you genderbend a song
Yes
Instead of male vocals it'd be woman's vocals
Lyrics.
*Vsauce music intensifies*
Would be a bit similar to the plot of this old [Swedish song]() right mate?
I wish he was really Swedish.. . The cowbells are calming & in tune though.
I suppose the cowbells are actually in tune somewhat, reminds me of this other [well-tuned song]() that's almost reached one billion views.
As a swede, i can say that this is something you hear everyday.
The song...
It actually links you to the song, oh my God...
i made a parody/cover of the song for people who comment that, you may have seen a few links to it on my main account (which i got temporarily suspended on for something i didn’t do, thats why i’m using this one)
Yeah I saw that, too bad it get suspended. Nice cover tho.
thx
chaotic music
Hello Omori Plush from the hit song It's Amore
Hello router from the hit water, bottle
mywife is musical nd ilikeher   . my wiwiwfiie wife is at recitle and i miss her   . my ewife...
What beautiful music 
>!You’ll force your brother to learn to perfectly play on your favorite songs on the violin inevitability leading up to him pushing you down the stairs accidentally killing you and hating himself about for at least 4 years?!<
ah one, ah two~. ah 1 - 2 . . Yeah sotarks is my dad. I need his pp to farm out of the trash. . A hopeless 6 digit I only play your beatmaps. . only 5 hou-rs on the game. i singletap without shame. . no songs over 2 minutes. . i havent seen sunlight in over 14 days. . my family worries that i click on circles all day. . watching cookiezi is my thing. ill never produce offspring. . my top play is black roverr. thats baddd. . so baddd. . bum bum baaam
\*Airhorn music plays
I wanted to do this grand, animated shit. But it came out clunky and the song I wanted to use didn't quite match the official art. . RIP バグ
F
There's nothing wrong with not matching the official art style, in my book... don't sell yourself short! There will always be people out there who would enjoy your work  We're our own worst critics, after all.
Steadily my thoughts take hold of me . . . >!not part of the lyrics(wow it's quite nice to find this song instead of the *other one* in the comments)!<
It's hard to stay awake or fall asleep
Memories of the past
Both the good and the bad
Overwhelm me
There's so much I wish I could take back
Sometimes I think maybe it's too late
Though the pain remains
And though it may be hard, I'll carry on
Time
To
Rise
And
Shine
Good
Morning!
One more day to spend alone again
Morning starts without me
I seem to find it hard to wake up.
*ugly crying*
IT AINT DEAD NOT UNTIL MY GODDAMN MOD IS DONE. . Cheeky plug I am looking for people to help with my omori mod: eg artists, musicians, developers
"Perfectly Imperfect" it would be a good title, Mari uses drugs to improve her performance in music but at the cost of becoming addicted and seriously affecting his relationship with Hero and distancing herself from Sunny and his friends.. .    . and the worst thing is that this may be based on real facts of musicians who suffered from addictions.. . you...go to Ao3 and give them this bloody idea!.
!remindme 1 month
It here?
Apparently it exists [so yeah]()
It's been a month
sorry I was taking a mental health break
Oh.. hope you're doing alright then!
Yeah
aaand there goes an AU idea
Research on how to do a realistic potrayal on drug addiction might be tough, but I'll try.
ok pal and good luck.
\*drumroll\*. . &#x200B;. . &#x200B;. . &#x200B;. . &#x200B;. . &#x200B;. . &#x200B;. . &#x200B;. . &#x200B;. . 
wow...pal, i'm impressed i mean it, heh heh It is the first time that one of my ideas has become a fic...¡and all thanks to you! :). . You are pretty good, pal.
What is she?.  Lance Armstrong?
do not know .
Is anyone doing this? If not im gonna go do it.
Thanks and good luck pal :)
Also I might change up the idea a bit. The reason of the drugs is because of the presure by her family to be perfect.
oh sounds good, that change is interesting.....Yes do it :)
Everyones favorite Swedish Japanese song
Theres an entire video about Carameldansen
White Space theme is the best music to play as they whiteout the canvas
Hk players when there's no Silksong
silksong will be real soon enough. at least we're not as bad as those poor pikmin fans that are getting pikmin 4 after like 8 years
Oh my god please don’t remind me that silk song hasn’t come out yet 
Listening To The Final Duet Breaks Me And Tears Me Up But I Still Listen To It (I Listened To The Same Song For 4 Hours Straight) Am I Mentally Ill?!
Gonna make a version of the game where all the unsettling music is replaced with the delfino plaza theme
She\*, and yeah she made the art and the music for the game and is probably the most known dev
Oops, sorry didn't know that she is a woman.
Yeah, she made the art and the music
Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, mamma mia-ma, ma-mamma mia-ah. I feel the heat up, uh, I feel the beat of drums. Call the police, I'll do it, they've stolen all my fun. I'm breaking free, but I'm stuck in a police car. Oh, mamma mia-ma, ma-mamma mia-ah. They treat me like if I did something criminal. All eyes on me, I feel like I'm a superstar. I'm not a freak, I just thought it was carnival. Oh, ma-mamma mia, spit your love on me. I'm on my knees, and I can't wait to drink your rain. I'll keep it secret if you let me get a taste. Tell me your limit, and we'll cross the line again. Oh, mamma-mamma mia, ahahah!. Oh, mamma-mia-ma, ma-mamma mia-ah. You wanna touch my body? I say you're not allowed. You wanna handle me, but I'm a bit too much. I'll burn all the place down, 'cause I'm too fucking hot. Oh, mamma-mia-ma, ma-mamma mia-ah. They wanna arrest me, but I was just having fun. I swear that I'm not drunk, and I'm not taking drugs. They ask me why I'm so hot, 'cause I'm Italiano. Oh, ma-mamma-mia, spit your love on me. I'm on my knees, and I can't wait to drink your rain. I'll keep it secret if you let me get a taste. Tell me your limit, and we'll cross the line again. Oh, mamma-mamma mia. Give me a command, and I'll do what you ask. 'Cause my favorite music's your "Uh, uh". Give me a command, and I'll do what you ask. 'Cause my favorite music's your "Uh, uh". Give me a command, and I'll do what you ask. 'Cause my favorite music's your "Uh, uh". Give me a command, and I'll do what you ask. 'Cause I love when you sing out loud. Oh, mamma-mamma mia, spit your love on me. I'm on my knees, and I can't wait to drink your rain. I'll keep it secret if you let me get a taste. Tell me your limit, and we'll cross the line again. Oh, mamma-mamma mia. Spit your love on me. Spit your love on me. Spit your love on me. Spit your love on me. Oh, mamma-mamma mia
Mama Mia papa pia baby got the diarrhea
\*ambient Italian music in the background\*
ummm they're like playing some sort of music that they made for police alarm
I mean as an avid pianist and musician it would hurt
>! More than falling down the stairs? !<
Yep that’s what actually happened
HOLY SHIT IS THAT OMORI FROM HIT GAME OMORI???? Oh also hornet silksong but OMORI!!!!!!!
Maybe it’s because plastic love randomly got a [music video]() a week ago?
I love the song actually..
and if you never believe, your life will be sad. . from a Silksong beleiver, never doubt, its better to be wrong than to never have cared if you were (atleast in my opinion 😔)
Shut up beleiver
huh? mine has different songs tho. . 
Those songs are in this Playlist - just my Spotify is stupid and doesn't show them on the screen for some reason (–,–)
Oh god, oh Jess, what are we getting? Is it a new game? Is content of Dreamworld? Is it another song banger? Tell me which days will go by until the next update because I have been inside the white space waiting for something new to come out
I was stuck in her battle for days 😭 . Gotta love her battle music tho 😍
Probably not. As a musician, writing notes and stuff is almost more important than actually playing. You’ll see all kinds of notations and scribbles on the page, ranging from drawing out the “shape” of the sound, to adding a rit (slow down) or other notation that isn’t in the original because it sounds good, to profanity like “get this fucking right!!!!” when it’s really frustrating.
That was my second thought. Having many notes and reminders on her sheet music would definitely fit with her perfectionist characterization.
And Also, even if doesnt make Sense, not naming final duet, final duet, Would be a wasted potential.
Maybe? I used to play piano and sometimes you take notes on your sheet, so it may or may not be the case. the fact the title is printed on top of every page is suggesting it's something printed already, in my opinion, bt \*maybe\*. . Edit: I saw the picture below. The higher quality one. It has the classic printed annotations I have on many of my sheets. It feels 'official' not scribbled by hand by her. My piano obsessed arse isn't going to overly fixiate over this for IDK how long.... but this is what it feels like. . . . EDIT 2: IT ALSO DOES NOT MATCH THE BOOKLET WITH THE MUSIC SHEET YOU HAVE IN THE COLLECTOR EDITION HOW COULD I NOT NOTICE?
Could also be her just marking her music, but idk if pianists do that frequently
It’s common practice to mark sheet music for pretty much any instrument afaik
But unfortunately. SOMETHING went so wrong, and now I can't do anything, but play this stupid song.
Unfortunately this does not appear to be DUET’s sheet music. I can’t make out what exactly it is, but it doesn’t resemble the general shape of DUET.. . 
I play piano, and I spent a month learning Duet. This song is not Duet.
Thanks! I did see the recent post saying it's WHITE SPACE, and that matches up much better.
This sheet music ain't duet. The key and notes are wrong.
I hate to be a downer. But a small glance at the music notes make me think this sheet music is for “By Your Side”. Someone far smarter than me can probably confirm or deny this but that’s just my finding.
It’s not By Your Side, that track is in 4/4 this is in 3/4 and the notes don’t match at all, whichever track this is it is a variation of the white space theme based on the contour of the notes.
Not DUET, wrong key, wrong notes, whichever track this is is a variation of the white space theme based on the contour of the notes.
Guys, it has an 8va and 6 flats (Gb maj or Eb min) while duet is in Cmaj. This is another song
I read it as Music by Toby Fox pffftttt
the annoying dog is now canon in the omori universe
By Your Side is in Gb Mixolydian but this sheet music is not By Your Side, By Your Side is in 4/4 this is in 3/4, and the notes just don’t fit at all.. I can’t tell exactly what track this is but I can tell that it is a variation of the white space theme based on the contour of the notes.
Yeah i also considered white space too. Everything just kinda feels off about what it could be.
That’s not duet, I’m looking at the official sheet music for duet in the collectors edition and it doesn’t match up at all
Very late to this and idk if it’s been said but the song that comes on sometimes when you see Mari in Headspace is called “By Your Side” on the OST so I imagine it’s that song, not Duet.
If they get Thai Macgath for the OP music that would be so badass
YES
OMORI ON THE PS4.. ***loud DUET song plays***
Sheet music and stairs included?
Autism Speaks is a notoriously hateful company(? I forgot the word) that on the surface looks like they are meant for autistics, but in actuality promote the idea of "curing autism," treating autism as a horrid disease that ruins the lives of your children, and even just straight up promoting eugenics. . Theyre unfortunately so popular for the simple reason that they both have a lot of money and are one of the few companies(?) Out there related to autism, so people who dont do their research on them end up bringing them in for stuff to do with autism (ie Sia's movie "Music"). . Theyve done a lot of bad shit over the years and have only made the stigma around autism worse and have only made our lives harder. If you see anything that is related to them or mentions them being apart of it, then dont trust it as a good source
As an autistic person that's offensive to me
Yeah, i hate autism speaks man. Terrible people 
Thanks for the explanation 👍🏻
I was expecting silksong, but i got something better
understandable
I came looking for silver, and found gold
You should go to r/hollowknightmemes or r/hollowknight , they look very disappointed like me… but at least they announced one of my favourite games.
They're less disappointed and more mentally unstable, they've literally started making up areas and bosses for silksong, there's fanart for bosses that don't exist
There's a joke about Headspace in here somewhere.
What do you mean? Silksong is a masterpiece and every boss is perfect.
FINALLY, THEY FINALLY STARTED DOING WHAT r/eldenring did a few months in.
Apparently r/titanfall did it as well
Yeah, waiting is hard and all but they obsess way too much. They hype themselves up over any event and always get their hopes shattered. Then they get mad over nonexistent promises and become aggressive. . . They also think pretty much any other announcement is inferior to silksong and won't try other games. Like bro there are other indie games to play while you're waiting, you don't have to just mope around
they’re going insane lmao, the infection is spreading
Hollow Knight fans are so obsessed with their anticipated sequel (Silksong) that they’ve been expecting it to be shown off at every single direct and game showcase that ever happens. This time at the end of the Nintendo Indie World showcase, they had one final game to show off, which was Omori coming to Switch. Hollow Knight fans were once again disappointed for expecting the same thing they always do and still not getting it.
Almost 3 years, even Elden ring is going to come out soon
Hello, good hunter. I am a Bot, here in this dream to look after you, this is a fine note:. . > *“Surely mankind are more than pure dark, for I have availed you nothing. All of you, forgive me. Whatever thou art, stay away.”* - Artorias the Abysswalker. . Have a good one and praise the sun \o/
Omori was in development for 7 years before it finally released. Indie games tend to take a long time to make and Hollow Knight fans just haven’t realized that yet.
In their defense, when it was revealed we thought it was close to being done especially with the demo and the fact that they stated it was coming soon.. . Then the leaks...the magazine...then nothing. Radio silence.. . We're happy to wait though, at this point it's genuinely just a game to get hyped up at all these events and then get dissappointed XD.
As an Hollow knight fan I can confirm, the fandom went insane, especially on r/hollowknightmemes.. . I personally hope that team cherry is doing good right now
The irony  . Omori getting announced: Depression  . Silksong not getting announced: 🤡
Double sad so were at depression status. Can we get to miserable!?
It's not out until Spring 2022. (There was speculation about a release on the anniversary since the Omori Twitter account has been tweeting teaser images this month.)
Hollow Knight fans try not to bring Silksong into things that have nothing to do with Silksong challenge (IMPOSSIBLE)
Yeah actually..kinda is, but I've given up hope for Silksong ngl, but once it does release, I'll be interested.
My omori side seeing omori as the "one more game" announced: *ecstatic*. My hollow knight side not seeing silksong : *miserable*
Stay strong friend do not succumb to the madness inside r/hollowknightmemes
Now you have two reasons to cry
Got depression from omori and silksong. Nice
silksong ;(
I am still unbelievably hyped for Silksong, but I’ll buy Omori again on Switch and PS4 hopefully. It’s my favorite piece of media ever made, and I need to support it lol.
Saw someone briefly mention Omori on a post about no silksong news again, came here and apparently I’m not alone
Yayyyyyy… omori…wooooo (still waiting for silk song)
Isn't that why she stopped doing sports and started going hard on music?
The video ENDLESS an original IOMOR song by OR3O
I love that song!. . 
Smells like teen spirit music video.

XD awesome
The rickroll music video. Ralsei doesn't understand the concept of rickrolling and is happy about a love song playing.
Omori the musical
yeah, that's what i was thinking. its a song for both of them, as (i believe) they are both together, in the car.
.... . Uhuh, okay.
world's end valentine is the best song in the ost  also she's funny and has a pretty design
YES
Music do be banging
-Her battle music is fire. . -She gives off Disney villain vibes. . -She’s hot. . -She’s the reason why we have her clones, A.K.A, the best girls
Her theme music is amazing
She gives us banger music
Pretty, funny and has a banger theme song.
She got a banger theme song and she’s the reason why we have all those other hearts
Her theme song.
Her boss song is FIRE
She has banger music
sick ass music, dungeon, and a really fun bossfight plus character design, unironically one of my favorite characters
her boss music is cool
HER SONG IS A BOP
THE MOTHA FUCKIN MUSIC 
her design, and the music theme
She and her music slaps
Her song
Her entire area's music slaps
her song. would smash.
Boss music.
One good thing she does or good thing about her?. One good thing she does is kick our azzes during the fight with bad a music. . One good thing about her- lemme get back to you on that.. . Edit:The music! Figured it out.
Her music is lit
Her battle music slaps
Her boss music 👩🏻‍🦲
Damn y’all are coming up with all these cool theories about her. I was just gonna say her Boss fight music is fire
The music, her style, the fight, she is funny, she is the one carrying the storyline in headspace, we have the 3 mutants!
Music
Cool battle music
The music that plays when you get the beat the crap out of the annoying person.
Her boss song
Boss music
Her song a BOP
Her music. World end’s Valentine is a bop, though there are other great ones like Splintered sweets in the castle, which is one of the best fight themes I’ve heard in my life.
The boss music is fire
Worlds End Valentine is the best song in the game.
She has a banger song, and a bangable ex
Her boss music
She has a banger theme song
Girlboss, pink, banger music, sweeps all characters easily
Banger boss theme song and best boss fight, at least in the normal route. . NEXT
me too, i hear they're gonna get exclusive music tracks on the switch and i'm already on edge
Musics fine, and maybe even a small bit of content. But if us pc player don't get playable basil...
They announced omori for the switch in indie world (I'm one of the only 5 people that watched it because I wa shoping for a fragment of silk song news)
Tinnitus is sometimes the first sign of hearing loss in older people. It also can be a side effect of medications. More than 200 drugs are known to cause tinnitus when you start or stop taking them.. . People who work in noisy environments—such as factory or construction workers, road crews, or even musicians—can develop tinnitus over time when ongoing exposure to noise damages tiny sensory hair cells in the inner ear that help transmit sound to the brain. This is called noise-induced hearing loss.. . Service members exposed to bomb blasts can develop tinnitus if the shock wave of the explosion squeezes the skull and damages brain tissue in areas that help process sound. In fact, tinnitus is one of the most common service-related disabilities among veterans returning from Iraq and Afghanistan.. . Pulsatile tinnitus is a rare type of tinnitus that sounds like a rhythmic pulsing in the ear, usually in time with your heartbeat. A doctor may be able to hear it by pressing a stethoscope against your neck or by placing a tiny microphone inside the ear canal. This kind of tinnitus is most often caused by problems with blood flow in the head or neck. Pulsatile tinnitus also may be caused by brain tumors or abnormalities in brain structure.. . Even with all of these associated conditions and causes, some people develop tinnitus for no obvious reason. Most of the time, tinnitus isn’t a sign of a serious health problem, although if it’s loud or doesn’t go away, it can cause fatigue, depression, anxiety, and problems with memory and concentration. For some, tinnitus can be a source of real mental and emotional anguish.
I like listening to ambient musicians like Jan Jelinek and Aaron Dilloway
Asgore Dreemurr had always loved trees among us with its adventurous, agreeable amogus. It was a place where he felt happy.. He was a beautiful, sussy, vodka gaster drinker with big feet and cool ass. His friends saw him as a faffdorking, fine furry. Once, he had even helped a solid weed recover from a flying accident. That's the sort of man he was.. Asgore walked over to the window and reflected on his fredy faber surroundings. The sun shone like loving cow.. Then he saw something in the distance, or rather someone. It was the figure of Toriel Dreemurr. Toriel was a romantic also furry with sexy feet and sussy ass.. Asgore gulped. He was not prepared for Toriel.. As Asgore stepped outside and Toriel came closer, he could see the zany glint in her eye.. Toriel gazed with the affection of 9116 amongussy wild whale. She said, in hushed tones, "I love you and I want love.". Asgore looked back, even more sussy and still fingering the gongerballs amogus action figure. "Toriel, pls be my girlfrend," he replied.. They looked at each other with emotional feelings, like two unknown, uninterested ur mom dancin at a very happy marriage, which had amogus music playing in the background and two drip uncles drippin to the beat.. Asgore regarded Toriel's sexy feet and sussy ass. "I feel the same way!" revealed Asgore with a delighted grin.. Toriel looked romantic, her emotions blushing like a squealing, scandalous saness.. Then Toriel came inside for a nice drink of vodka gaster.. THE END
of course he's in the credits, he made the merry cd song
oh i didnt know that lol
Adding the fact that Toby composed one of the songs for Omori (merry CD if you didn't already know). so he probably knew at least the general plot. . . &#x200B;. . if this is the case, we're screwed.
The music is very good, although there's a tendency to ruin some of it with what it's played during
Cold Take: The music in Omori is pretty good.
omori’s music absolutely rocks, especially the whole faraway section, which feels very bittersweet. omori (as well as oneshot)’s music has made me pay much more attention to music in games.
Well, in my case, I joined the fandom because I watched a story summary, a music video, and a couple of Angsty memes. Sometimes it's the fandom that attracts other people, not the game/show itself. ^(saying this feels like I'm commiting a sin, now that I think about it)
(spoiler warning) so I don't know how hot or cold of a take this is but the fight with omori in the good ending is my favorite part of the game (followed pretty closely by black space but still). I don't know just the internal fight with your self who wants to repress everything in the form of a fight, as well as everything in the battle (the music, the visuals, and how the battle plays out) showing how powerful omori has become and how powerless you are to face that side of you; it's such a emotionally powerful fight. Definitely one of my favorite final bosses narratively speaking.
the music is fucking amazing
Also, to play musical instruments you need fingers. People have pointed out how playing the violin can hurt your hands, so it might represent the pain of constantly playing and practicing the violin
>!Hero heard music, not necessarly duet. Sunny could have been playing that short song he plays in Capt. Spaceboy's bedroom or maybe he learned a bit of more of piano in those 4 years!<
It's been brought up before here and elsewhere, but if you listen closely to the background music, there's a woman humming/singing. No one has figured out what the song is or who's it supposed to be. Some theorise it's Mari, others say it's just background noise when the music was made.
Do you have a clip with this singing?
I did some digging and [here's]() a link to a topic that has it as well as it reversed.
Thank you
And here I thought I was the only one who noticed this, lol. Creeped me out so much when I played the first time
Which track is it exactly?
Slime girls is also a music producer who works on some omori sountracks
We know their real life inspiration was their music creations… and… people have speculated less than wholesome reasons for omori to have them
dunno seems like a song (plus in the og audio file it's actually reversed for some reason)
I didn't recognize that song, and then I realized I had liked it on Spotify already. Not a bad song hoenstly.
It's good but every word sounds so edgy. Perfect for 2010's teens
Yeah. But honestly, I just ignore the lyrics.
The Sound of Music but おやすみ
SING US A SONG YOURE THE PIANO MAAAAAN
SING US A SONG TONIGHTTTTTTTTTTTT
WHILE WE'RE ALL IN THE MOOD FOR A MELODDYYYYY
AND YOU'VE GOT US FEELIN' ALRIGHTTTT
OH LA LA LA DEE DEE DAAAAAAAAAA
LA LA DE DE DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AH=
Lack of sheet music paper?
music man
Obviously Three Bar Logos. . 

Yessir
Jonkler?
for me its "it  means everything" but the whole song makes me feel like im on an astral journey (of pain) ngl
just the title of the song alone 
When you move from deep well to deeper well
Yeeeeah i've always loved this section of the game and i'd love for people to appreciate it more.
Sinking
. . # NO! ENOUGH OF THESE POSTS!
I'm pretty sure there's a rule against these posts so just wait a bit and they'll disappear.
report 'em
I don't know how to do that. Plus it's mean so I'll leave it to someone else.
three dots > flag > breaks r/OMORI's rules > low effort post
Bro might be the real Squidward
Atleast he's kinda relatable
DAYS GO BYY
SHŌGANAI
MOMENTS PASS
WHERE'S THAT CHIME
IN MY HEAD
ILL JUST I'LL JUST I'LL JUST
hands
HANDS!
WILL RING MY NECK
EVERY LITTLE MOMENT SPELLS REGRET
BUT I DON'T HAVE TO FEEL THIS WAY
AS A VOICE INSIDE MY HEAD
O YA SU MI
O YA SU MI
O YA SU MI YO YASUMI
HANDS!
Bready Steady Go’s drop is a feast for my ears
Never have i loved the sweet sound of bass boosted pots and pans so goddamn much, like crunchy rocks in my ears 🤤
underwater prom queens. (it’s such an underrated song omfg)
Fr
That song is such a banger one of my favorites
Beat drop in You Were Wrong Go Back
I second this.
I third this
I fourth this
Omg yess
Playing Forever, when Duet motif starts 
Honestly I ascend every time I hear the beginning of goldenvengeance

Sinking
World’s End Valentine drop
Bready Steady Go
Those Who Forget History slaps so hard
it means everything
Underwater highwayyyy
Stardust Diving
Omori
tee-hee time
See you in your fantasy
The slime girl fight theme for me.
stardust diving imo
Stardust diving. . The beginning always sent me to the begging of all existence
Wotld's end Valentine
UNDERWATER PROM QUEENS at 1:20
Underwater prom queens and swallow hollow. I like to go to my old elementary school and go on the swing set while listening to it  . Nearly in high school now lol
Stardust driving for me Its so underrated 😭🙏
The entirety of Numbers.
Eins, twee, drei, vier, vijf 🗣🗣🗣🔥🔥🔥
interaction bait :fire:

A lot of them, but I gotta point out the final boss song, especially the later segments, except the astral journey drags you down, down, down, until you can't breathe. 
Not Omori related, but xeno arcadia from hylics 2
Trauma ones sped up.
A Place by a Lake. Also, CHAOS ASSEMBLY
Tee Hee Time for me. I like it, but then there's a part that sends me skywards with hyperactivity.
You were wrong, go back
You were wrong, Go back's part where it dips into the theme of the casset tape is so good
not really a single song but the shift in sound from underwater highway to aquifer is mesmerizing
well, for me it's 'For those who forgot history.' It's just the whole song.
ofc final duet
It means everything.
underwater prom queens
The part of You were wrong, go back. You should know
Snow Forest - A Single Flower Blooms has got to be my favourite. The entire song is an astral journey. I mean a lot of songs are an astral journey but this one astral journeys more.
World’s End Valentine
You Cannot Go Back
All of them let's be honest
stardust diving
Final Duet the nerly final part
Chaos assembly bc of the last two parts
Good Morning. 
You were wrong. Go back.
Definietly Duet, it has some insane Violin parts that make me 
Underwater Prom Queens. I know you all know what part is the ascend worthy part.
110 - Numbers. I like german numbers
World's end valentine
I think Sinking is exactly this. I'm honestly surprised I don't see people talking about it, it's both a trippy track by itself, but the area where it plays is also almost just as trippy
Friends.. . ( Just kidding please dont >!push me down the stairs!< )
Omori and Alter
You Were Wrong. Go Back's mixtape leitmotif part
A home for flowers (empty) except it's the whole song
The beat drop in underwater prom queens
Stardust diving
numbers
stardust diving with that one sick ass part
When OMORI transitions into ALTER
SQUALL‼️‼️
Stardust diving. Or the other variant.
The entire discography of KIKUO including KIKUOHANA
the ending of Chaos Assembly is straight flames🔥
This is kinda like bury the light to me ngl
planet loop (feat eve
the Bready Steady Go song, with both the fast guitar and the crazy drums... SUCH A GREAT SONG OMG
Shooting stars
I don’t think he has DID but Omori as effectively an alter makes sense - that’s his mental purpose - it’s more of a metaphor than an alter I guess but it functions similarly. Likewise the final boss theme is called “Omori” and the next song after that, the version of the final boss theme with all the screaming and weird noises is called “Omori Alter”.
Both have amazing music!
It's fucking hilarious that the song is called sayonara
The difference is that the Plus version has extra goodies such as 6 Side-Stories, reels of new art and old concept sketches, 13 all-new unlockable songs, and a built-in music player. Also it's in full 1080p HD. Generally, you really only buy the Plus version if you're already a big fan of DDLC. I say just get the free version if it's your first go-around with the game.. . If you decide to check it out, ***don't look anything up***. Just go in blind.
If you're expecting a 5 hour game with puzzle-solving 'gameplay', stock/final fantasy assets, etc, Omori isn't that.. . The devs spent 6 years making some of the coolest art, music, and battle mechanics I've seen in an rpg. Only thing it has in common with a typical rpg maker game is that you can't walk diagonally. If I didn't know before playing I wouldn't have been able to tell.
omg I’m so happy that it got new people coming here :D genuinely cried at the endings multiple times, now have an instant cry response towards certain songs :’)
His shorts are also designed like the black and white keys of a piano (And Omori is the name of the musical instrument company that made all of the pianos you come across in the game)
Yep. Exactly what the comment detailed. I never thought much of his appearance before I saw the comment that really went into detail on it
I thought omori was a side-mode in silksong
I thought silksong was a big joke made by the big cherry in the sky.
(Doom music starts playing) “You know what to do.”
Hollow knight: silksong is out
 **LETS GOOOOOOO**
WOOOO YEAH BABEE THAT'S WHAT I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!!!
The binding of Isaac. He wasn’t allowed to get the 16+ game, so his rebellious side bought it anyway with his sister’s money. However in the end he realised that he wasn’t skilled enough to play the game, and after that he >!threw a musical instrument down a stairwell, and ended up in a minor quarrel with his beloved sister, and hence,!< the story of Omori began.. . OK why the fuck did i take the time to write all of that looking back at it that was cringe as hell.. . (Spoiler is for like, the whole game)
i'm kinda worried if they are going to make another game they'll have a case of heavy Silksong Syndrome . . where they get stuck trying to replicate the lighting in the bottle catch of their original work
An S-Tier reality affecting stand, Songs For The Deaf
*doom music starts playing*
look at things like .  .  I mean it could just be their school uniform and not specifically a music school uniform. I don't know where they go.
Its called a uniform. they wear the same looking outfits because that's their uniforms. He isn't wearing her clothes, he has brown shorts and she wears a brown skirt and a red tie. It's just their uniforms and a bit of a nod to how consuming learning their music was at the time.  .  .   look up music school uniforms and you will see this is normal.
Mfers in this comment section not knowing what a uniform is 💀💀💀
EMS really showed up, gave us one of the best songs in the OST, ate some cheese, didn't elaborate, then left for the club
a generic handheld gaming console(entertainment/to keep myself busy), a tablet(to draw), big boxy headphones(to block out the world/comfort me w music), and either a cat or a snake of my own("waiting for something to happen?") - my equivalent of the lightbulb would be a wall of christmas/fairy lights
My old phone with desolte versions of the apps + ibis paint, my childhood pet mouse august... Rip lil buddy, a music box that either plays one specific song i loved as a kid or a set of songs i liked as a kid, and for something more out there an elementary school desk filled with old assigments and school supplies and a blanket fort attached to it.. The inside of the desk or maybe the ground under would be my equivalent to the lightbulb, the ground would be old classroom carpet surrounded by old bedroom carpet, and the outer areas would be cold tile, if i had to guve august a phrase like mewo ' it's been a while, hasn't it...' would be ominus enough. and rather than a door to headspace i feel like just a random brick wall in space that has either a small void or a stall door leading out (and by brick wall i mean just like a small space in the abyss not an infinitely stretching thing). . Definitely put to much thought into this, but i alreadly hve fun thinking of hypothetical blackspace doors for myself, so a whitespace was fun to think up!
Bed, chargers for phone, 2nd phone (that I call my Bruner phone) nintendo switch, and laptop with every game I would like to play and already played thst has a music playlist with my favorite music and my headspace would just be video game places I would like to be at or if I was in like for (example: omori or your turn to die) and it would switch each time I entered headspace
A switch that never runs out of battery with all the games I love and want on there, my Bluetooth speakers so that I can listen to music through my phone, a phone that also never runs out of battery, a star patterned spinning projection lamp, a huge TV with all the channels and apps possible and a puppy named Stanley.
A laptop (gee, I know...), some training weights, a water dispenser and a music player.
Laptop, fibre crafts, and musical instruments; just off the top of my head 
Nah it's still pretty bad lol. Even in the recreation/custom music scene it's toxic.
The music being suddently weak and the fact that it felt like it was watching me gave me chills omg
Bro like my heart sank. I was uhhhh
it just feels so hopeless, and the music is the most unsettling
mirror room. the music that played during that unsettled me so much lol
Soloing all 4 Hearts at once while having dark souls music playing in the background.
Swirly 1000x isn't looped correctly in the OST which is the only reason why I don't listen to it repeatedly
During Duet when you hear someone crying throughout it
Do NOT listen to final duet at 3AM. Worst mistake of my life
Wtf when does it happen?
it happens whenever i listen to it
Oh yeah, I get it. Big r/woooosh for me 
dont worry you werent the only one
I never cried during it so this doesn’t apply for me 👍
What did they do to you
Wdym?
What happened to you to make you not cry during duet (this is a joke btw)
I hope I am not insane for not crying to duet,
No. I think I’m the insane one for not being able to cry at any piece of media
Now we share a bond stronger than a bond between a mother and her son. 🤝
Yes 🤝
I do on rare occasion cry for fictional media but can I too form this bond of kinship?
Yes
It's me, please send me 5 boxes of tissues I am gonna need it
friends is literally this but in a different way
" oh my gah!!! lost at a sleepover". . *that one note*
squeeze subtract close fragile languid pet teeny reply plant silky. .  *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact]()*
what   . where the hell  . where the fuck did you get this
It's always a panic to skip it whenever you hear the slow drawn out note like *oh shit's about to go down* 
Controversial take, but I don’t like how GOLDENVENGEANCE just kinda flatlines after that white noise volume rise, and to be followed up by that organ-like vocal hash later on
I agree, actually. . After the guitar cuts out it’s not nearly as good
Not even a take this is just a fact /hj
Most of OMORI (a song in the OST, not the game), >!the one during the Omori fight!<
What’s wrong with >!OMORI-alter?!<
I like it at first but it's extremely repetitive
>!just like how headspace repeats the same story !<
wowowow how could u say that 
The rest of these replies makes me wonder how I can listen to both >!OMORI and ALTER!< on loop for like a half hour before I get bored of them temporarily.
same ive never had trouble listening to it on repeat
Yeah, I'm the same way.. . >!I get that during the Omori fight it's meant to get more distorted but it becomes really heard to listen to, especially for that long of a fight!<
>!I feel like that the uncomfortable unlistenable part is also intended!<
I respectfully disagree. >!OMORI is not a good song for listening to without knowledge of the context, but it is a VERY emotionally charged song that was definitely composed with a specific intention. You can practically hear the despair and self-loathing coming through your audio setup.!<
I have knowledge of the context and I still think it's annoying after listening to it for too long 
Pretty sure that's intentional-ish?
Yeah, probably
You were wrong go back gets a little repetitive
could be because the song is legitimately like 1 minute long before it loops, but you have a valid point
Friends.. You can play omori Russian roulette with this just make a playlist with 5 lost at a sleepovers and one friends. Whoever gets it gets jumpscared
I literally have a playlist of that. . 
Lmao
Those who know the song might have noticed the longer note 14s in the track, which already reveals that it’s friends before the jumpscare 15s later
Still it's 1 second
Friends.
Hot take: The drums tearing in Bready Steady Go. The song is sooo good, but then the drums become distorted and messy toward the end. It makes the song VERY overwheming to listen to.
for you, it’s a bad thing, but me? i WANT to be overwhelmed. i want those cymbals to make me go deaf. i want to be scared of my music. that’s what i want
fire take
Brother have you listened to Endless Hallway of OFF OST?
OFF MENTIONED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
not just yet
Then i advise you Mirrored Insanity, especially the Reevex remix
You should listen to John Corigliano's Circus Maximus and his piano concerto
they really got that drum bass boosted for the lols
Final Duet but the part where I frown is literally the entire song BECAUSE I'M CRYING
Several people are saying the drums part of bready steady go 😭. That’s one of the best parts of the song for me, and it’s one of my favorite in the soundtrack. Although maybe the difference in opinion comes from the fact that I’ve heard drums like that my whole life, but I can imagine how someone not as exposed to them can think “wtf is this.”. . As for me, I don’t have a song like this on the OST. Although when I’m listening to the OST, I’ll usually skip the section with Woof/Realistic Space Simulation/Jash Bash/Jash Bash 2/Jash Bash 3/Clash of Jash.
Whenever I listen to the [Omori orchestra]() i always find myself skipping “Just leave me alone” and the 2 songs after because it breaks the tone of the overall series for me
the drums in bready steady go. . like it's a good riff, I just don't think it fits in bready
None of them, what blasphemy is this?
Chaos Assembly
Blasphemy. This track is gold from start to finish.
My main issue is that it’s too short. The part at the end is absolute fire
Such a beautiful song
the sound they (don't) make when they end
OH MY GOD YOU'RE TELLING ME OTHER PEOPLE FEEL LIKE THAT??!?
I've got one that's the opposite, I'm not a huge fan of Underwater Prom Queens but that one section 30 seconds in goes crazy
sweet paralysis
I really don't like the slow fade out where the song would loop in game that most of the songs do in the OST versions, it makes it so they don't loop right and just sound kinda awkward at the end imo.
I enjoy then entirety of the omori playlist but I’m not a huge fan of planetarium. Because of how repetitive it can get.
This is about songs from the video game Omori :)
Oh my god I’m an idiot, I appreciate this comment.
Ha, don't worry about it! Everyone gets stuff confused like this sometimes.
Better?
Better :)
what?
interaction  bait :fire:
I don't like that dramatic know-it-all beginning of cbat
Close-  . (I know it's a hot take but when I am singing it to myself and there is a sudden 1 minute lyrical silence in a 4 minute song that doesn't fit the pace of the rest of the song I feel bleh, I get why it's there but musically it's interrupting)
For me it's NONE OF THE SONGS I LOVE ALL OF THEM COMPLETELY! /pos
I really lile the sound of Omori/Alter, but the loud grating sounds are not very fun to my audio processing. I do get why they exist tho.
Friendssssss.
the beginning of stardust diving gets repetitive pretty easily, then the rest is an absolute banger
The inbread twins theme, banger until those loud ass fucking drums at the end
the WHAT twins
My time I like the beginning but after it's a mlg music
"Hell's greatest dad" is completely ruined by Mimzy. Fuck you Mimzy
The drumming in bready steady go. Doesn’t tie in with the song well.
You were wrong go back, the beginning of the song was extremly misleading to me, before i thought it was a bad song until i heard it entirely, and that's when i got it
for omori i dont know but that opening for attack on titan "My war" at some point has a woman singing that comes out of nowhere and she sounds horrendously bad.
Underwater Prom Queens.
Lets get together now
that one part in bready steady go that has the loud cymbals or drums or something
You were wrong, go back. sounds like it would just be boring old >!space!< theme again but when in gets to the middle part? It's SO good 😭
Bearings Broken, near the ending. I don't like the guitar riffs, but that's just me
what? that’s not an OMORI OST as far as i know
bro found the wrong classroom 😭😭😭
ikr
It's not. I've been on r/PhightingRoblox so much I got lost
it's phighting
r/PhightingRoblox is down the hall to the left
mb, I'm fucking stupid
it’s okay you can ask this question there
[no, we banned these kinds of posts]()
oh no! i die.
what
i don’t know where it came from, but Suzuki is a brand that makes music books including violin and piano. i used their violin books. so in that way, it’s a clever last name.
Very nice
Oh right. I always related it to the word "moon".
Moon is Tsuki tho lol
Isn't suzuki a car brand as well?
>i don’t know where it came from, but Suzuki is a brand that makes music books including violin and piano. i used their violin books. so in that way, it’s a clever last name.. . u/defaultsad
Suzuki is a company that makes cello music books. Probably other instruments too but that’s all I know.
Sheet music boss uploaded a tutorial of >!final duet!< and I listened to the song and thought it was pretty. The next day I bought the game and a week and a half after that I was in shambles
My Brother in Law and Sister sometimes look through steam in order to find any good indie titles (of course this was pre-discovering-stardew), and we came across OMORI, I fell in love with the music of the 2020 trailer, the music box/upbeat vibe and then the sudden shift in tone. It’s so fantastic.
I saw it on steam, watched the trailers for it, and loved the art style and music so much that I got the game and it is one of my favorite games now. It still manages to make me cry every time I replay it
i heard By Your Side on shuffle play and i listened to that song on loop numerous times :) i looked up the game it was from and eventually bought it once i got my new pc!
I stumbled accross bo en while going through one of my Spotify mixes, though, the first song it gave me was not "My Time". Rather, it was "Pale Machine". I played that song on loop for a few weeks until Spotify finally gave me "My Time". I have a tendency where I want songs to have visuals if they don't have a music video, so I went to type "My Time animation" and I believe the first recommendation was the trailer for Omori. I watched it, thought the trailer was a perfect fit for the song, and for the most part, moved on from it, only occasionally thinking about it randomly. I believe when Omori officially re-entered my head space was when the release date finally dropped. I was really excited because in between me viewing the trailer and the release date announcement, I read "Goodnight Punpun" which has some similar imagery at certain points. I'm not sure what to call it, but the imagery common between Goodnight Punpun and Omori are way up my alley.
The Hikkimori ending soundtrack (that one which sounds like a music box).
I got the 2020 trailer on my Youtube recommendations a few weeks before release, the artstyle looked really cute while also holding a lot of feeling into it. Looking back, the way the art and music tell the story is still now probably my favorite thing in game.
Saw an tiktok video about a music from games.. Then omori music showed up. Good music=good game. (Is was sweetheart)
Heard the music in my spotify recommendations, I thought wow this sounds cool, must be from a game then bam
Because Toby Fox made a song for it
Mostly meme compilation and the music
I heard the final duet and I wanted to play the song on my piano. Now I realize that made me get into the Omori fandom
I saw the original trailer in youtube back in 2014 and I really liked the song so I decided to keep on a look out for the game
it possible they just didn’t show it, but most musicians don’t just play one instrument, especially if they have access to another one. Piano is one of those instruments that almost every musician plays on the side because it translates to different parts so well.
Me when I play violin and could technically play the piano 
Honestly it always disappointed me I couldn't play piano. I was super talented at French horn and trumpet but just didn't have the coordination for it similar for me to typing on a keyboard.
But music can be heard before entering piano room. When Sunny wake up you can hear music immediately.
Sunny was hallucinating the music, then he actually was the one playing it when he got there, I mean he started playing it after he got there, but he could hear it all along. . Or it was a collective hallucination
But Music can be heard before entering room
Is this assuming the adult is shipping the characters purely romantically or with some other intent? Because this would bring into question teen love stories from every media type as well. Written or drawn fiction portraying two young people in a romantic relationship crested by adults for teens to adults would also be worrying. Stories of previous loves by song writers, films obviously portraying romantic interest in this sense.. . If shipping is the equivalent of simply wanting to see two people together in some romantic form, why should this be worrying if an adult does it with two video game characters?. . I believe what you're trying to suggest has something to do with sexual intent of the shipper, which would be worrying, yes. But I doubt that the shipper simply being that age should be the judge of whether their shipping choices are questionable. Rather, their mannerisms, actions and conveyance of their opinion should show you whether you should be worried.. . Thank you for coming to my TED talk.
Yeah I definitely agree. Battle music is one of the best at least. If only they cut it to be more shorter though…
yeah the battle music for that section is excellent. . but i think my fave is still the space section. it sounds so sweet and nostalgic
That one game that was in the music video made by Toby Fox & imo
The video is Skies Forever Blue
That was referenced in a pokemonspokemon music
That one game that was in the music video made by Toby Fox & Omo
Skies forever blue! :D
yeah it's not, just mentioned that cause i like the song lol
The song is cool. Same with Charlies Inferno.
wait until op finds out about Silksong
oh god the silksong/utdr/yttd is leaking
Have you ever checked the silksong community?
Just be happy that you're not waiting for silksong 
How have I not heard about this? Also you are starting to sound like the people on r/ Silksong
Yonkers music video
That's now my 3rd favorite phineas and ferb song
Life. The ending song should be enough.
siLksong
The hit song Kanye likes fingers in his ass that I can’t get out of my head
I BET YOU CANT NAME EVERY ACT 1 SONG OFF THE TOP OF YOUR HEAD. . Into the Fire  . Unstoppable Force  . Cereberus  . A Thousand Greetings  . A Shattered Illusion  . A Complete and Utter Destruction of the Senses. . Castle Vein. . Clair de Lune  . Versus  . Sanctuary in the Garden of Mind  . Cold WInds  . Requiem  . Panic Betrayer  . In the Presence of a King  . Guts  . Glory. . Divine Intervention
Name every enemy first.. Filth,. Stray. Schism,. Soldier,. Mindflayer,. Malicious head,. Cerberous,. Cancerous rodent,. Very cancerous rodent,. Drone,. Sword machine,. Sisyphean insurrectonist,. V2,. V2 (fight 2),. Sentry,. Hideous mass,. Flesh panopticon,. Flesh prison,. Sisyphus prime,. Minos prime,. Gabriel,. Leviatan,. Minos corpses hand,. Minos corpse,. Puppet,. Gutterman,. Big jonathan,. Maneqquin,. Minotaur,. Gutterman,. Earthmoves,. Streetcleaners,. Ferryman,. Something wicked,. Virtue,. Idol,. Gabriel,. Gabriel red,. Mysterious druid (and the owl),. Stalker,. 1000thr defense system,. . Bet you cant do that huh?
Name everything you can do with coins.. . Coin shooting. Split Shots. Coin Punching. RailCoin. Charge Coin (hitting a coin with a charged piercer shot). Whiplashing Coins. Chargeback. RAILCOINPUNCH. Deadcoin. Wall Coin Juggle. Coin Juggle. Shooting a rocket with a Coin. Shooting a cannonball with a coin. Shooting a frozen rocket with a Coin. Shooting a core eject with a coin. Insta-killing a Streetcleaner with a coin. Insta-kill most weak enemies with a coin. . Hm?
Good argument, however:. . 
NOOOOO
Well that's a good thing i guess, just goes to prove that you actually typed every single enemy and did not just copy and paste them from a list.
I wouldve felt dirty if I copied and pasted
What song does it play?
plays the title song, the one that ofc plays before you press continue and plays at the end of the game
Oh okay thanks!
You have good music taste, too!
i know no one might know this or im stupid, but if this sells out, will omo ever restock it? or is it a once in a lifetime item? because im hoping to start playing piano next school year and i dont have any digitonal money due to the fact i dont have a job so i cant get the sheet music in the meantime, and i *really* want to learn omori songs on the piano (its actually the whole reason i want to start learning piano, so i can play the piano segments of omori songs)
If it doesn't get restocked, I'm sure someone will post a digital version of all of the songs at some point
I don't know, but you still have time, if it's this important for you, ask someone to buy it. . Good luck anyways, I hope ya the best
Yep. Hoping it comes soon! I ordered both the CD and sheet music, still nothing :(
Why did I hear boss music upon reading this-
Song being referenced is from Lazytown in case anyone is confused
I was, thanks.
incase your serious, the song from the gif is september by earth wind and fire. . the omori chapter is called "do you remember". . the song goes "do you remember the 21st night of septemeber" and coincidentally this chapter came out just a couple days after. . as to why 21st of september, the 21st to 23rd is usually when summer ends but the songwriter confirmed that they choose 21st of september just because it sounds the best in song
Ohh, ok! Thanks a ton! \^\^ (I was being serious :D)
Omori's would be Omori (because it's the name of the music) or "My Time" (because of the other music)
Okay I've just came up with this idea but imagine if in the chapter with the final duet (and ONLY that chapter) had music
how the fuck do you put music in a manga.
Make it like those 90s kids books that have a speaker and six buttons.
Make him listen to Yoko ono (he deserves to hear his birthday sharers sound NOT MUSIC ITS JUST “AAAAAAAEEEAAAAAAAAAEEEEEEEEEAAAAAA”)
Just do like Mick Gordon and make music using the chainsaw as an instrument
He ***BALLIN***. . Just don't let the Roddy Ricch song play or you'll start walking weird
I put the new Forgis on the Jeep
I still can't unhear the "aaaaaaa" song
I can hear the battle song going through my head just looking at this pic.. . Well done!
Nice reference in the post text. . (I cried like a bitch when I first listened to that song)
.... . (smashing violin multiple times everytime he hits a broken musicl sound comes out). . omori did not succumb. . omori did not succumb. . omori did not succumb
Omori will not succumb.
: welp, all of that was for nothing..
 Pulls out an AK-74
Omori will not succumb.
I disagree with that idea greatly! By harassing people away from the game, they will only know of the Theories presented by whatever youtuber they watched, and how the fandom they were interested in Is toxic and aggressive to people who want To join.   . . . Hollow Knight’s fandom was Very much in keen with Gatekeeping, and now all they do now is mostly complain about Silksongs game development, or how ”underrated and hidden” their game that sold 3 million copies is, and the occasional good post.
I love people playing the games, I’d love more people to talk about the game with, but I just don’t want toxic people to come over
I can help with the boss fight!! I play great music










> correction about the >!glitched neighboor's place with basil!<. . I'm not sure what room you're talking about, is it map 305? if so, I was told this version of the room is different. . > regarding the >!glitched junkyard map in "wet docks" black door: Is there a way to progress with this?!<. . No. We've even managed to glitch the party in there and still nothing. IIRC someone even checked the code and >!saw nothing that the key did. The ingredient does basically nothing.!<. . > >!that if you keep entering the doors the game "crashes" but you can still hear the music and makes me think it didnt crash but was made like that on purpose since the previous rooms keep getting darker until it becomes pitch black.!<. . If the game keeps playing music but there is a loading lightbulb on the bottom right, it's a softlock. If there isn't a loading lightbulb it most likely hasn't crashed.
I haven't seen anything on the document or anywhere in the comments on this, but in Black Space 2 there is a radio that plays distorted music that changes every now and then for about a minute, then changes to morse code. I don't see this documented anywhere so I'm getting a recording and will reply with the link to this comment with it soon.
In the ending, he did play the full song in his head.
that's cute!!!! I could definitely see that being true since the first song i learnt on piano was the title screen
I love when boss themes put little bits of lore in the music like this
It definitely sounds like sampled voices. It’s actually cheap to do since you don’t care for who says those lines and they don’t need a voice actor because of how distorted they are meant to be. Usually it’s the game music maker that uses his own voice. This was also done in Celeste for example.
Woahhh that’s really cool!! I’m still not 100% convinced personally but it’s definitely a possibility!
when you take the sheet music from the toy box near the ending it says that "the paper is torn and wrinkled by blood"
My head cracked open several times but I'm still here, blood isnt that big deal
Well yea, i just pointed that there was blood when the other person said otherwise
There was some bleeding on the sheet music, but the sheet music and stuff was hidden in the toybox. Regarding Mari’s light wounds, it would still be odd to immediately suspect foul play, since it wouldn’t exactly be a sign of a murder. Autopsies are often not done unless the family requests it or if there’s major evidence of foul play. Plus, it would be odd for Sunny and Basil to be the culprit, since they were only 12 and had no motive, and why would you immediately accuse a very close friend, let alone your own, son of being a murder?
Killuasongs just doesn’t like taking Ls, I can respect that.
Jack Black appears in the music video for Humility, a song made by Gorrilaz that comes from the album the now now.
Jack Black appears in the music video for Humility, a song made by Gorrilaz that comes from the album the now now. > Jack Black > Black > Blackspace > Omori > Kel
Fug
Based Don't Starve music
Real
oh god not the ancient fuelweaver music
Me, from the Silksong Community: First time?
SacrificemossbagSacrificemossbagSacrificemossbag
I am loud and obnoxious. I like music that rhymes. I'm a fraction of the population. But commit half the crimes. Who am I?
They seem to be doing fine now, and is happily producing their own music
DM Dokuro is doing better. He's even come out and said he holds no ill will towards the Calamity community and says he is partly to blame too. Ennwayy was also affected by this and had only recently returned to Calamity work. The Dev exodus caused CD Music and Pinpinneon to leave and finally we have Heart who has been very good so far in my opinion.
heart plus up our saviour and our goat 🙏🙏
I know that song
My favorite part?. . Probably the music! It's really touching, energizing and beautiful!
Omori fans when someone asks them to CLOSE the window ( its the funny song). . . Seriously i was watching food theory the other day and Matpat was listing burger ingrediments and he said "lettuce, cheese" and i got burgers on my mind pls help
Hoedown Goose is the best hoedown song you can't change my mind
Wait never mind I just looked up hoedown Beaver that one is the best
Song name?
Just search up hoedown dst you should find it
\*french music plays\*
Who do I hear boss music
This song always hits me right in the heart every time and hearing it from a music box amplifies that this time. This is really cool.
Yeah, Duet and Omori always hit hard. Thanks for liking the music box !
IT HIT RIGHT IN THE HEART!. ARKZORA took 512 damage!
I also posted it on twitter tagging OMOCAT :. . [. . Tell me if you want more music box !
This is the cutest thing I've ever seen
Thanks 😻
CRIES IN PAIN
holy shit thats incredible
Sounds great!
I wish I had the patience to do stuff like this
Here we present you the "cry machine" and if activated, you will drown in your tears. To get this machine working, play OMORI.
Oh my god this is so amazing!!! Thank you for sharing!!!
So can I buy it ☺️
Thats so awesome!!!!
it's so sad but so comforting at the same time, like a bittersweet childhood memory, which is essentially what it represents in-game
How would one get into something like this? I love this!!
wow. That's the only word I can really muster up to describe this. I just want you to know that I appreciate your work in creating this and that it makes me hurt <3 (compliment)
Why do they say it's a masterpiece? It has a lot of filler :/
[ . . 😭
It's beautiful
oh my god this is so cool! great job!
This is so well done! I can see it being in the game.
Can you do white space
Bo En wrote songs (song? At least one song) for Omori.  . . . Omori is getting a switch release, and this tweet suggests it will have exclusive or new music.
Multiple songs, he just sang My Time but is the brain behind others as well.
He also wrote splintered sweets in the castle and tussle among trees.
I thought Pedro Silva did most of the music?
The OMORI OST on YouTube says the creators of the music for each song. All 3 were made by Jami Lynne.
i think the entirety of the space island’s music is connected by the motif and not just those 3
Well of course, those are just the three best
Thank you!
The fact that the trailer used a totally new OST makes me think that they would add new music to the game.. . . And here's to me hoping for a fixed BS2 warps from BS1 and more endings (neutral ending from hikikomori route could be improved upon)
Voice acted scenes 0-0. . (Or at least another song since Mari was humming in the trailer)
What time do you have to start the song to sync it?
meanwhile i listen to [this song]() (maybe i timed perfectly the we work to earn the right to work part)
What’s the song?
This honestly goes hard, good job!
Lethal conapny mentioned
It’s a certified bop
Doom guy vibes from the guy in omori's spot lol
I wonder who is the author of the mashup?..
Is it just me or do I the melody of Do Your Ears Hang Low?
And the recycling machine, yes
Oh ya, can't forget that
it fits so good lmao
This is insane I love it
This pic goes hard
Uh oh
Omori if it was peak
Omori if recycling was good:
Once you play through a song a few times it becomes muscle memory and your hands just kinda go the right places automatically since both your hands are working together in sync instead of opposing eachother, kinda like a video game or smn
Hey, I’m sure you’ll get it! It’s not that hard of a song once you get the left hand down.
thank u for the encouragement :D
Someone walking by: Huh that's a calm and nice song thanks for playing that.. . Omori fan walking by: 
Thanks! I wanted to get that part as close to the original music as possible, and it ended up being frustratingly difficult
yoo i just found out youre the same person that did the [spider dance piano cover ](). years ago, thats very impressive
this is so strangely calming I love your voice! it matches perfect with the music box and rhyming
The funny thing is, I heard that music box cover after I had recorded my voice! I was so happy that it worked :)
Common W music teacher
Do you have a little sibling?  Brother, preferably?
I do have, but they're younger....
Is your house…perhaps two stories?
I hope not 
u/expcakess please answer this question we need to know 
aw shucks. but i hope >!someone covers up their death as a suicide to complete the reference!<!
That's too poetic. They would probably make a movie or video game about it. They're probably just busy and will get back with us later.
well, in fact it's an apartament, but it has stairs
This is good. . >!i hope your sister is doing well!<
Your teacher dropped this 👑
Nice
that's so cool! this reminded me of when i played this at a school showcase, and nobody got it, but they still liked it.
I WISH THIS WAS MY MUSIC TEACHER . . MY MUSIC TEACHER SOMETIMES MAKE US CHOOSE A PIANO SONG FROM YOUTUBE, AND THEN THE TEACHER WILL TRY TO PLAY IT
It's the musical equivalent of tear gas.
I'd probably cry ngl
Your teacher is so based omg
Can we see the full version pls? I want to play it really hard
sryy, I don't have the full version printed, but you may find it in musescore
Thank you very much. (Edit: I already downloaded it and there is no more reasons in finding it but still thank you.)
>!Let's hope nobody commits younger brother to help make the song more realistic!<
Diary 30: OMORI is coming to school


Common W music teacher
THE DUET IS IN MUSESCORE!? .... It seems I have something to do...
So was it a total surprise or did the teacher/someone else mention it at some point?
total surprise
Damn, that's crazy. Is this for school or just private? Cuz that would kind of suck like.. kind of showing a bunch of people an important piece of music from the game. It's like a moderate spoiler, is all.
probably not a spoiler if no one figures out when the song is supposed to play in the game
Okay but there's still a lot of other music to pick over this, why pick something of this nature. . It's just not very considerate
WHAT?!?!? HUH?!?!
oh this gonna end badly. . . . Do you have stairs...??
maybe....
NOOOOUUUUUUU
Oh no I’m going to cry😭
WHERE DID YOU GET THAT SHEET FROM??!
musescore, it's free :D
TYSM MY PIANO TEACHER ASKED FOR THE SHEET MUSIC OF THIS
NO HECKING WAYY
CAN I HAVE YOUR MUSIC TEACHER! PLEASE
come to Brazil 🥳🥳 specifically in a city where we don't even have a hospital 😃
Yayyy 😁
Your teacher is based
BASED AF
YOU ARE LUCKY AF
YESSS
Your music teacher handed that out that’s amazing
I want your music teacher
oh yeah, I'm learning to play the whole song next, so we could make a full cover. just don't kill me in the process  pls
hehe ill try not to 😊
thx, I don't think this is spoiler since it's just the song but the comments definitely are lol
nah, most definitely is a spoiler, this song is like the most impactful and emotional song, I’d kinda be bummed if this song got spoilered to me but ig it doesn’t have context, so idk
Now i don't know what headcanon to have.. . The headcanon that Sunny had music box as a kid that played the Whitespace theme, or a music box that played By Your Side.. . But either way, i did not like it. I LOVED IT.
I smile and cry every time I hear this song
Whenever i hear this song i just feel an intense, but soothing emptiness. Its just such a good song that once you know the entirety of the story, you will feel great emotion
It's not embarrassing to listen to epic music. (I really love Bready Steady Go, it's such a bop)
W songs (I don't even know what the 5th one is)
That’s a good song
My top Artest was omori too but non of it was top songs
My Spotify wrapped didn't count all the omori music I listened to because I instead listened to extended versions on YouTube on repeat because I was tired of having to click replay 😭
If you click on the song there'll be this recycling-looking icon which you can press to loop it
Yeah, I was a little disappointed in myself when I realised 🤦‍♀️
My third top song was Splintered Sweets in a Castle, that’s the highest ranked and I won’t lie, it’s too damn good
. . In my top 5 songs were 3. By your side 4. Trees 5. Dear little brother. . Idk why no one mentions them
. . Not much, but still my most listened song😭
so glad i'm not the only one omfg. . . . aquifer was my second most listened song😭
. . like.. what is this.
This was super cool! Do you happen to have the sheet music? I've been meaning to learn Duet myself
Hello, thank you so much!! I actually didn't learn this through sheet music (I can't read, I'm self taught heheh), but instead, I used this video right here! [ I'm pretty sure in the description it also includes free sheet music, but it's a tiny bit confusing- unless you can figure it out, you can easily follow the tutorial or find more sheet music on the internet! 
Alright, thank you 
Whoa, that's rly impressive being able to play it without sheet music!
You wear the same ring as me...
Do I? 👀 mine are both JJK rings, do you have them too??
Yessir a sukuna and a yuta
Absolute mad lad!!!
Thank you!! I'd say so far it has taken me five days to learn, because I have to memorize it. I can't read sheet music for the life of me! . As for experience, I've been self taught since the very end of elementary school. Just been too passionate, but I'm happy with how far I've gotten! Some pieces are still too hard for me to play, but I try my best :)
i think with a little bit of practice, you will be able to read, its not as hard as it seems. youre playing awesome anyways but learning how to read notes would greatly help you, though youre free to do as you wish!
56-12-2 is an S-tier song. Although it's not melodically pleasing, it is catchy to a certain extent.. . More than that though, it instills a sense of urgency into you, and as most people have experienced firsthand, urgency causes you to not fully think things through and do things you hate, because "there's no other option.. . Hearing such an active song in Black Space of all places just makes you want to leave all the more . . Hell, even while typing this comment I can hear the song playing in my head, haunting my ears.. . The worth of a song isn't solely based on how pleasing it is to hear, you have to take into account the emotions it makes you feel and the events that occur while it plays
In that regard I feel like It Means Everything is one of the best songs in the whole OST for the emotion it brings during the moment in the story, but it’s also not a long I could listen to for too long like many other songs in the OST.
I actually kinda like it
Same, but I have to disassociate the song with the events surrounding it to enjoy it
I think I've listened to that song over 200 times at this point 🤔
mostly good but the spaces in-between being so low? that song makes me cry upon hearing it after finishing the game. dang.... . (ik it's just opinion, this is just mine as well)
I like that track a lot, too! It sounds so calm and relaxing.
I was surpised to see Wandering Rose in A tier. Most people hate it because of how the Sweet Heart's Castle section is super drawn out. But I love that piece so much that I didn't care that I was stuck in that place for like 3 hours. Everytime I walked out of a room and back into the lobby, the music made it feel like a blessing.
You guys did the vast forest songs dirty
I like the music, bit i heard it too Many times
Omori + Alter has to be one of the best songs I've ever heard, and I'm a pretty picky person. It's in my top 5 fav/objectively best songs of all time
Duet is one of the few songs that made me sob like an absolute baby… well, accompanied with the visuals too…
why is friends on B tier that song fucking gave me a heart attack when listening to the playlist on shuffle
Why is space road so low? I love that song
Because we don't like this music.... Sure the cutscene is amazing, but the music alone isn't that good...
okay
(in my opinion)
i can understand why you put the songs where you did but "YO DJ PUMP THIS PARTY" is chill
Crossroads and National park from HGSS are the 2 most nostalgic feeling songs imo
I agree with the top song
Sweet paralysis.. . Absolute banger 
agreed
it doesn't like sound like the off soundtrack at all but it has a weirdly similar energy. me likey
Agreed
Vibing to it together
Swirly x1000. . It gives off the chaotic flavour of fighting woth a friend against a gang, 10/10 would listen to it durong painball fight if i have the chance to
true, the early version is way better tho
H2O:HCl
Fr
I agree
it's one of my comfort songs
 Close-
 \-your pants
r/cursedcomments
How to close clothes?
YOUR MOUTH
- the door
You Must Carry On.. . Dear Little Brother…. . Remembrance.. . Clean Slate. . Pyrefly Forest: Cat’s Cradle. . Spaces Inbetween.. . Trees…. . A Place By A Lake. . Photograph. . See You Tomorrow. . Puddles
dont forget UNDERWATER PROM QUEENS (I almost wrote something completely different)
Everytime I hear "You Must Carry On", something gets in my eyes, and I dont really know why...
It’s so melancholy yet hopeful at the same time
Dear Little Brother gets me every time 😭
I go next: bready steady go
Is this one underrated? From what I’ve seen it’s pretty popular all around
its not really underrated but it does get ignored.... i cant really explain it
*Ascends in Italian*
I thought the music has more influence from French folk music? Maybe I'm misinformed
If it was french, they would have surrendered on the first turn
I don’t have a clue. I just heard accordions and assumed it was Italian.
I assumed it was italian due to both accordion and guitar
cymbol
Bread yummy
Nah whale whale whale is a banger XD
Forest Frenzy
Finding Shapes In The Clouds. Never see people talk about it. It's got such a positive and happy vibe to it.
I’m not sure if it’s underrated but I don’t see people talking about it, Merry CD.
that one evokes deep feelings for me, idk why
I love Remember To Be Patient. It's so pleasantly tranquil, yet at the same time sad because you know that this calmness stems from completely giving up.
Most people here love Whale whale whale (I'm not one of them btw. It's good but i never listened to it outside of boss fight)
Cats cradle, it gives off the vibe of “oooh spooky forest” on top, but also has that vibe of something being wrong, especially with the cello notes
Gator Gambol, sweet paralysis and chaos assembly
*I think my dad shops here*. . That keyboard solo, what a sick syncopation!
>!August/water, Calm, Glade, Nawa, White pillars, Come and see, Orchard, and Temple. They're all so serene in a way for black space songs!<
Tutorial Music. idk it just slaps
Push and Shove? Absolutely one of my favorite beats in the whole soundtrack
YEAH THAT ONE. Such a banger battle theme, wish they used it more tho
In my opinion it's: "You Cannot Go Back". I really like it but I've seen very few people mention it
FRR LIKE IT’S BETTER THAN THE OG TRACK WHYYYYYY DOES NO ONE TALK AB IT??
I don't know but it's sad :/
I misread that as "You were wrong, go back"
Distance  I could listen to it 3 hours on loop
ITS SO GOOD It kinda reminds me of the old Peggie game
Sweet paralysis and underwater prom queens
i will forever stand by I prefer my pizza 90% grease
trees...
Most of the >!blackspace!< songs
Chaos Assembly
not so empty house needs more love
Clams clams clams
Flouring with you + all the CD’s
Finding shapes in the clouds/the phobia themes
047- Realistic Space Simulation. . 069- Pranked. . >!136- Glade!<
swirly x1000, cram it, wad and push and shove are pretty underrated for villain themes
ahem... . chemistry on and on. . whale whale whale. . sweet paralysis. . three bar logos
GRIMEY!!! I LOVE GRIMEY!!! RAHHH
>!REMINA, which is played during the Truth Segment. Such a powerful way the piano was used to create tension, instead of the comfort displayed  in "Dear Little Brother" and "Do You Remember"?!<
World's End Valentine.  . Not as much in the sense that the community doesn't enjoy it as much as other songs as that I should have heard it at least a thousand times before playing the game. This song should play on the radio, in the grocery store, everywhere. The world doesn't give this piece of art the recognition it deserves - the masterpiece that is World's End Valentine is the best song that has ever existed. There should be a reward of $50,000,000 for creating music of that caliber. "Goes hard" is a vast understatement. Global recognition isn't enough, and it somehow doesn't even have that!
I don’t know how popular these songs are but as someone who listens to the entire soundtrack while I study (and I study a lot) here’s some of my favorites I don’t think a lot of people listen to;. It means everything,. Clams clams clams,. Three bar logos,. Poems in the fog,. I think my dad shops here..,. X marks the spot,. Aquifer,. Sinking,. H20:Hcl,. Undertow,. There are so many more I love that I feel aren’t recognized but I could definitely be wrong about some of these being underrated since I don’t follow the omori community too closely
Trees. It may sound like basic answer but it's sooo calming and it makes me feel like I'm the last one on earth and people don't feel real, but not in a bad way, more of a calming way if that makes sense.. . And of course THOSE WHO FORGET HISTORYYYY
I'm actually obsessed with Recycling is a Concept
Orchard! It’s so beautiful
Agreed!
It's a ghost dance
. . Hanging With The Boys :)
POEMS IN THE CLOUDS ‼️‼️‼️‼️
Worlds end valentines
That's pretty famously the fan favorite song out the the entire soundtrack, save for >!DUET and My Time!<
True, I also like I just love the 50s
Leave me alone and It means everything. ABSOLUTE BANGERS. 
august/water. the >!black space!< soundtracks in general are underrated.
SWEET PARALYSIS AND WHALE WHALE WHALE
Man i love Whale Whale Whale. . I guess my pick tho would be Gator Gambol.
H20:HCL
some fr be sleeping on Valour Against All Odds
underwater prom queens  . if that song is too well known to be "underrated" then i say swirly 1000x
Glade
Undertow
Nawa and I just love the 50s
Orange oasis battle music goes so hard
Clean slate and chaos assembly
White Space.. NGL every day I listen to this absolute BANGER.
Environmental noises from super smash bros brawl. Having a 99 stock battle with that is just music to my ears lol. Honest answer is any song from coffeetalk. An underrated game and an underrated soundtrack.
See In Your Fantasy
I just love the 50s . . the elegance of the mysterious and distant . . yo dj pump this party. . lovesick - 80,000 lightyears. . sugar star planetarium
Wandering and stationary rose
I know it's just a little sound bite but Gone is just so cool
WHALE WHALE WHALE MENTIONED
remember to be patient
OMORI and alter, also sweet paralysis
You were wrong, go back is such a fire song it scratches the itch in my brain,I could barely play the battle cuz I was vibing the whole time lmao
Idk the names of any of them, but the theme for the fight against (SPOILERS) SXH goes wayyyyy too hard
Yoo-hoo!  . Whale whale whale, what have we here? A banger soundtrack? Don't mind if I do
Splintered sweets in the castle
I know this is an insane take, but I love Photograph lol. It just has so much emotion and really adds so much to the scene
You Cannot Go Back (literally one of my favs). But I want to see it all with you!. August/Water. 5ths
Pyrefly  Forest
snow forest - a single flower blooms
Playing forever
Chaos Assembly is extremely underrated
Trees… for sure. My bedtime music🥰
August/Water is too
that one song in omori with the capitalist shark (jawbreaker)
101- It’s a ghost dance hehe
Finally a whale whale whale enjoyer
Whale Whale Whale is great alongside Swallow Hollow  . Sweet Paralysis and Chaos thingi i forgot the name XD
FLOURING WITH YOU
come and see and trees fs
Distance, 56-12-2, Fleur pretty much all the black space music
whale whale whale is a really good boss theme but listening to it outside the fight ? it’s kinda ass
no tf it isnt
I feel like bobbing my head to it. Its satisfying to listen to
Honestly I could name literally any song that isn't popular and it'd probably work, Omori genuinely has the best soundtrack of any videogame.. . However, if I had to narrow it down from 'every song' I'd say Jawbreaker is a pretty good but underrated boss theme while Remember To Be Patient is a good melancholic them I've been listening to a lot.
SIR LET ME SING MY SAD SONG IN PIECE. . fine take my fuckin upvote >:(
World's end valentine
🔳
Yess
MINE TOO
The correct choice
Hxh reference(not the song)?
OOOOHHH YESS
It means everything.
🟦
Wow. That is higher than I expected.
Even outside of the game I’d say it’s one of the most emotional tracks.
Final duet
🟦
How????
Final duet definitely deserves above mystery ranking, its just amazing…
It's not because I don't like it, it's just because its a very common pick. I'm placing it based off of A) how much I like it, and B) how commonly it's recommended.
Only blue is crazy
Good Morning
🟦
Trees…
🟪
gator gambol
🔲
Yippee!
So underrated, top tier username btw
thanks. . 
I just love the 50s….
YESSIR THATS MINE TOO
[Omori]() my beloved 😍
🟪
Tee hee time
🟪
Alter!
I LOVE Alter. The violins plus the distorted noises and screaming just feel so broken and heartbreaking. It really portrays dread and self-loathing for Sunny in music form.
🟪
by your side.
🟦
Remember To Be Patient
🟦
Yayyyyyy
underwater prom queens
🟦
my brain malfunctioned for a second and I thought your entire comment was the song name lmao
Let’s get together now
🟩
Only pick one please.
But that’s so hard 😔
The music is so good
Fine, fair point, maximum three…

Thank you
"Remember to be patient"
🟦
crossroads
🟪
Dear Little Brother
🟪
Lost at a sleepover
🟩
I like Just Leave Me Alone because it’s pretty much breakcore and I LOVE BREAKCORE
bro can't tell the difference between loud drums and breakbeats 😔
⬛️ Sorry, no judgement… 😭
Spaces Inbetween
🟩
Our time. . 
🟦
A little bit of a basic choice but I like OMORI - ALTER
bready steady go
Keep in mind BTW that if it’s a song not mentioned that often, it will likely do better than a song mentioned very often that I find more significant to the story like My Time or Duet, if I really like it.
“you must carry on.”
🟪
See you tomorrow
🟦
Bready Steady Go
Pranked
🟨
Underwater Highway
🟪
Remember to be patient
🟦
You mean as in Fan Song?. . Then that'd be [Everything](). .   . If you mean as in OST, then that'd be [A Home For Flowers (Sunflower)]()
YEESSS EVERYTHING IS ONE OF MY FAV FAN SONGS ITS SO NICE
August Water
The healing jingle. . . >! Bop da bop beep ... doop doop !<
H20 Hcl
🟦
CHAOS ASSEMBLY
🟩
White Surf Style 6 change my mind
🟪
Clams Clams Clams or World's End Valentine!
Clams Clams Clams: 🟦. World's End Valentine: 🔳
Teehee Time!
Splintered Sweets in the Castle
Lost Library
THE SONG IS CALLED "MY TIME" YOU UNCULTURED SWINE!
Bready Steady Go
Dear little brother. It’s just so comforting
Crossroads
Come and See
Same!!!
It Means Everything.
🟦
I Just Love The 50s!
🟩
Swirly 1000x 
Jawbreaker
Hell yeah
*You Cannot Go Back*
Lost library and Clean slate
By your side 
A Home For Flowers (Tulip)
sweet paralysis
GOLDENVENGEANCE 🔥
August/water
Playing forever
Sinking
🟩
prolly snow forest - a single flower blooms
🟦
Normal
🟨
If I had to pick another it would be that fucking fish
Squall?
No the fish on the wall in the igloo(before the entrance to that big snowy mountain)
If you can find what the song is called I’ll rate it.
Finding Shapes in the Clouds
🟩
Thrifted tchotchkes
🟩
title, always and forever. you see it at the start and the end (ik its basically duet but it’s still great)
🟩
white surf style 6 🔥🔥🔥
🟪
by your side - graveyard edition
🟦
It means Everything.
🟦
World’s end valentine
🔳
?
shit, sorry i didnt know that this was for OMORI songs only
Clams Clams Clams (only one of my favorites 😔 I have too many)
i might get flak for this but i really love Jawbreaker
Finding Shapes in Clouds.
IDK if anyone else said it but see you tomorrow
By your side or title
Save
recycling really is a concept
OMORI - ALTER  . tho i haven't listened to the whole thing in a little bit
White space piano version
I know it might be considered “overrated” but to me my favorite song is still Final Duet
Bready, steady, go
i agree with him,  I also like it means everything, and swirly 100x, just leave me alone
"Tree House - Here We Are Together Again" and "Rememberance/Omori"
final duet, by your side, it means everything, omori/alter
So, How'd we do. this song is so calm and seeing everyone's happy face (except omori) make me feel happy
Alter
Spaces in-between, listen while depressed for a nice little oomph
Final duet is my favorite! ❤️
World's end Valentine
Jawbreaker
you know.. to me.. this song.. **it means everything**.
OMORI
By your side
World's end valentine
Capricorn By Troy
See you tomorrow. I love it and makes me feel so sad
Lost at a Sleepover
GOLDENVENGEANCE
Underwater Prom Queens
Telephones.
It Means Everything.
i like “pranked.”
It Means Everything
Underwater prom queens
It means everything because I love how gritty it feels.
I have 3... Final duet, stardust diving and chaos assemly
OMORI and OMORI ALTER
By your side.
White pillars
Orchard
Tee hee time
Duet.
Squall
"Trouble - Never/Always"
Black space
Sinking or it means everything
Honestly I have too many— but Duet and Good Morning have been chosen too much, so I’d say Snow Forest - A Single Flower Blooms and By Your Side.
This song is from Brazil, Tudo que eu semper sonhi- Pullovers
Friend’s boss battle is fire
clean slate
Omori and Alter (because you have to listen to them as a pair in that order)
Jawbreaker :D
Omori/Alter
underwater prom queens
can't stop rhcp
Chaos assembly
Nawa
Orchard
See you tomorrow
BREADY STEADY GO‼️‼️
Jawbreaker
Sweet Paralysis
Kahoot music
you can not go back
Trees… and Remember to be patient SO COZY
Lost Library. It's just really relaxing to me. I'd also say Pyrefly Forest, but maximum one song.
I’d say OMORI from the ost
Spaces inbetween
You were wrong. Go back. 😛
Jawbreaker
lil peep - we think too much
Any of the “A Home for Flowers” music helps me sleep sometimes
Splintered Sweets in the Castle
Poems in the Fog
it means everything 
Three Bar Logos!
THE VENGEANCE OF THOSE FORGOTTEN IN DARKNESS. . really got that smt battle theme feel for me
Crossroads 😊🌻
Lost at a sleepover :D
Poems in the fog
I Will Catch Up! Respite, or August/Water
A Rose By Any Other Name
Omori
tea errors
Trees…
I’ll go with Splintered Sweets in a Castle
155 Treehouse - Here We Are, Together Again
Wandering rose
Friends boss battle theme, I don't think it has an official name yet since it's console only
Jawbreaker
White space (96)
Crossroads
stardust diving
The ending song, forgot the name
the credits songs for the bad ending
What do they know mindless indulgence
Home for flowers (tulip)
GOLDENVENGANCE
It Means Everything.
Tee Hee Time. . Gives me Your Best Nightmare vibes
See u tommoro literally made me cry,hit harder than perfectheart
See you tomorrow
CLEAN SLATE (i fcking cried like a bitch when i heard it the first time)
. . You will appreciate this! The part around 45 seconds in gives me the chills every. Single. Time
It's good but I like the original a bit better
Chaos Assembly.   I have genuine beef w the boss tho
You Cannot Go Back
Do you remember
Clean Slate 😭
by Donovan Woods?
I'm curious, what do you enjoy doing in your free time? Are you into music, dance, travel, or reading? What are some of your favorite hobbies?
duet… it’s just so pretty
Well you didn't really emphasize where the song should be from so.... . Basket care by green day
 It Means Everything 
Jawbreaker
Clean Slate
Three Bar Logos
You were wrong. Go back.
Abnormality dancing girl
Sugar star planetarium
Remember to be Patient and White Surf Style 6 are both great
Here we are, together again
Pixel motiff of Pale machine. But seriously, Numbers
Not-So-Empty-House
I just love the 50's!!!. . 
Alter
See you tomorrow
What do I gotta say to get executed around here?
Flowering with you
stardust diving
Fight Your Friends!
Lost, and found!✨
H20:HCL
Bready, Steady, Go!
bready steady go
Teehee time
Thesis of a cruel angel (Rachie)
One of my favorite songs is  clean slate
Underwater Prom Queens. It's such a BANGER
Bready Steady Go
goldenvengeance and recycling is a concept!
You must carry on
Numbers
Lost library
By Your Side
Hanging with the boys
unironically, drone (134)
Not-So-Empty-House
I just love the 50's!!!
bready steady go
World's end Valentine, it was my ringtone from 2021-2023.
aquifer, squall, omori (alter) and undertow
143 white pillars
Sweet Paralysis / Forest Frenzy but only for kitekid, not the random pyrefly encounters. it fits him way better lol
A home for flowers (Daisy)
Stardust Diving
Home for flowers
Does pale machine count if not then the hide n seek song or whatever it's called
Dancin
Remember to be patient
Three bar logos
Lost, Then Found!
Bargain Bin Boys
tussle among trees
I want nothing more
# Splintered Sweets In The Castle
# Those Who Forget History
im not op but 🔲
Good Morning
By your side
Respite
space in between
Jawbreaker for me ❤️‍🔥
gonna have to say Final Duet, one of the most emotional pieces I have ever heard. though, Alter and By Your Side. are pretty close behind (for chilling, disturbing vibes and nostalgia of playing for the first time respectively)
Final Duet or Good Morning, can't say which makes me cries more... Yeah definitely final duet.
Underwater Highway
169- OMORI (ALTER)
Your catastrophes - procession.
H20:Hcl
I have like at least three based on what your criteria is:. . For "song I've listened to the most," it's OMORI. I don't know why exactly, but that song hits me harder than DUET. I just enter like a spiral of listening to it on repeat for hours a day. I especially love the version that combines it with Alter & seamlessly transitions between the two, just amazing.. . For "song that helps my insomniac ass fall asleep," we have Remember To Be Patient. It's just perfect for falling asleep, something about it gives me "trying (& failing) to mask & repress a deep sense of melancholy" vibe that just drags me under everytime.. . But for "song that grabs me by the brain cells & rattles them all over the place?" For "the song I want rated the most?" White Pillars. The room it's played in, it's number in the ost, it's technical simplicity, all mixes into a hauntingly beautiful song that fills me with the kind of melancholy that Remember To Be Patient is trying to repress.
Remember to be patient
OMORI (it gives me such chills)
Final Duet
Spaces In Between
You Cannot Go Back.
You cannot Go back
Lost library
Duet
Spaces in-between
White space
I have 3 number 1 songs. 1-luv(sic) by nujabes. 2-what you wish for by lyn. 3- till the curtains call by vanished people
Remember to be patient
Happier than ever from Billie Eilish
Scream of the butterfly by acid bath. (Currently)
Omori + alter and Remeber to be patient
Haunted disco or "what lurks in the night" from the club penguin Halloween parties
Acrophobia
Merry cd or swirly 1000x I don't really know
Dark night, by Mark Bernes
Friends…
See You Tomorrow
So, how'd we do?
Friends. 145
Jawbreaker
Cram it wad
Remina and puddles back to back is so satisfying
OMORI (The ost)
Tussle among trees
You Were Wrong. Go Back. Might be my favourite one.
Swirly 1000x
See you Tomorrow
Trees…
Final duet 
Bready Steady Go!
I prefer my pizza 90% (grease) :)
DUET
Gator gambol
By your side.
All variations of A home for Flowers, but specifically tulip
Sweet Paralysis
Jash Bash
By Your Side or Tee Hee Time
Those who forget history / Jawbreaker
liberate the south
You Were Wrong Go Back
see you tomorrow 
Jash bash.
Omori and omori-alter specifically played back to back
Remember to be patient
Lost at a sleepover
THE VENGEANCE OF THOSE FORGOTTEN IN DARKNESS 
Emotionally: it means everything. Vibes: you were wrong go back
Emotionally: it means everything. Vibes: you were wrong go back
Emotionally: it means everything. Vibes: you were wrong go back
Emotionally: it means everything. Vibes: you were wrong go back.
Clean slate
Goodmorning from the end of the true ending
Omori esp when it transitions into Alter
Jawbreaker 
gator gambol (I think that’s how you spell it idk I’m dumb) imagine like 100000 people said this.
Gator Gambol
Jawbreaker
Jawbreaker‼️‼️🦈🦈
See you tomorrow
left 4 dead 2 main menu song
Final Duet. Chills every time
Not-So-Empty-House (it's peak I fear)
Humprey's song (I forgot what it's called)
 I can't decide between A Place By the Lake or Poems in the Fog.
Chaos assembly
OMORI
Dear little brother. . That shi broke me when i heard it in game
tusslr among trees
failure girl !!!
In Hell We Live, Lament
Either Recycling Really is a Concept or YO DJ PUMP THIS PARTY
OMORI is probably my favorite, not very unique to pick but it's definitely good!
Hanging With The Boys :)
Bready steady go
Idk if anyone else likes it but I like push and shove
Good Morning!
those who forget history
Jojolion OP: GO BEYOND by Nico Bellisario
stay with me, Mayonaka No Door
it means everything, probably. and OMORI + ALTER
Where we used to Play, and By Your Side
origin
# 梅とら威風堂々
You were wrong. Go back
ピンククラゲと、そっと、キスをした . pinku kurage to sotto kisu wo shita by shinra bansho
Duet
Playing forever.
Gator Gambol 🕶️
With Bready Steady Go being a close second. I listen to Gator Gambol more often because the vibes are calmer, but when it’s time to get things done, the Unbread Twins’ theme goes especially hard
Bad morning
i'll give you a song i listen often because i have no damn clue which i love the most. 
Duet
Megalovania
Finale or fallen down
Hear me out : Come and see
Good morning
Crossroads🥹
The orchestral 'It means Everything'
Undertow
In hell we live, lament (the one with the girl and a robot pulling her on the back)
Trust ceremony by jhariah
OMORI
Without me
Our Time
the battle music its very catchy pew pew pew pew pew pew pew pewww
Only omori? Probably white space, i like to lay around and do nothing alot, whitespace complements it alot.. Outside of Omori? Probably The perfect pair beabadobee or F-Song by Strawberry Guy
Final duet
Legends Never dies
The Instar Emergence.
so, how’d we do? . . idk, it’s just soothing to me.
Notion, the rare occasions
The omori fight song
Throw by Lil Mabu
triple baka >v<
bargain bin boys
World's End Valentine and the omori bossfight theme
Field of hopes and dreams
La de da de da de da de day oh
best song oat imo
i LOVE vessel, but most of these for sunny was my own music taste. might update it this year tho cuz i listened to a LOT of music recently
wow i didnt know they all had such great music taste
I’d say the next logical step to take would be to listen to Lemon Demon. And I say that because there is so much overlap between Tally Hall/Miracle Musical and Lemon Demon’s fanbases, and because Twenty One Pilots was the first band I liked and now I also love Lemon Demon.. . The album shown in this post is Dinosaurchestra but Spirit Phone is probably easier to get into and higher quality. Anyway sorry for the unsolicited yapping unless you did want a recommendation
Hm, yeah, I’ve definitely heard of them from unrelated communities I’m in. I’ll check them out
These music box are hard to make and take too long to make.... . It will help me a lot if you consider to follow me on Reddit or Twitter for more music stuff :. . [
Thank you !. . (And thank again if it was you who gave me the silver award 😻)
Sure ! This is a 30 notes DIY music box. The brand of the music box and the paper I use is WingoStore but you can also found these cheaper on aliexpress.. . I made a video of the making of a Made in Abyss music box here :. . [I spent 4 hours to make this music box (The First Layer - Made In Abyss)](). . As you can see, I spent 4h for this one... I use FL Studio for the music paper and the rest is stamping the paper for the music box. Not very fun to make but the result is worth it !
calming for an intense theme
So true
Wow, that's so beautiful and haunting!
Hehe, it's my favorite song too. Very pretty!
I love playing with my music boxes, I should do more of them sometime
I was wondering how do you make these or where do u get them? They look so amazing and completely different than a typical music box I have!
What song was it when space husband showed up with his ship after you beat sweetie, sounds soooooo familiar
this is wonderful man it honestly sounds really nice. Like a song you would hear in S.T.A.L.K.E.R. at a campfire keep it up.
I love this \~! It’s adorable, with an adorable art accompanying it, but has enough of a twinge of messing with the song that it creates a tension, as well\~! Very well done \~!
I like it! Gives off a tone of nostalgia, like a childhood song you've listened to while drawing
What was the context for them mentioning Omori? Best video game songs?
Yeah
Good bot
:O
i’m 99% sure opera is just googling “x best song” for every popular game there is and putting it there. . not really surprising they just want to appease everyone and be called based
Omori music is so fire ngl \^\^ <3
. [Source for the art used:  ]. . 🤍🌻  Misaki here! I hope you like this track, I'd gladly appreciate some feedback since I'm working on more Omori arrangements. . Soo, you can find the full track on most streaming platform, here are some quick links:. . 🌻 [Spotify](). . 🌻 [Apple Music and iTunes](). . 🌻 [Amazon Music](). . 🌻 [Good ol' Youtube](). . . . 🤍🌻 Also, I would be very happy to connect with you guys, so here's my [Instagram]()
my theme song
This music very cute
As a music producer and a person who remixed mainly in omori music, I can safely say people on here, or omori community im general doesn't take care of it's fanbase's small music producers enough.. This group of people unmotivated me. They didn't even talk about music i posted, they were generally just more interested on my thumbnail picks which were memey. I don't care a single frick about the downvotes I'll get, but if you want impression, this place is not the right one. And this is coming from a guy who posted music which had more than 3k views on each omori remix, and my most popular remix got more than 80k view. My channel is closed, don't bother.
I know what you're saying and you're right.Although I post every remix that I put on reddit on my channel as well,I put them in here so that more people can see it.
Thanks.If you look at tutorials and wish to learn you can make music one day.
Me too man, it’s crazy, especially since I’m not a very emotional person whatsoever. This song was really easy and I plan on learned some more from the soundtrack.
Looking forward to whatever song you decide next!
Anytime a hear the piano with this song i immediately space out, it feels like a warm soul crushing acceptance hearing it.
You can also look at PianoBin on YouTube, they have a lot of Omori music, check description of the video if you want sheet music
Thank you very much
Thank you for this cursed revelation. . Now do the rest of the soundtrack
you make a very tempting offer 
My favorite song is ruined 
I’m very sorry for ruining it’s every day bro for you 
i am vayrey sawry u hab thes opinuns
Don’t you dare🔪

How many BPM? Somebody might as well make a custom Rhythm Heaven Remix.
150 if memory serves correct 
150 ? oh i know exactly what i’m about to do. 
you’re scaring me 
Good lord, I haven't heard about this song since a long time ago
I’m very glad to have reintroduced you to this genre defining song 
Omori if it had good music:
Fitting, they're both ex-Boyfriends.

Not an Omori battle theme making Jake Paul music palettable. 
I'm currently sobbing 



Noooo whhyyyyy

I never got why da soundtrack's kicks are very "week", like, they don't seem to be kicks
this is the second post i've seen about this song on this subreddit.. . (also, have you considered submitting this to SiIvagunner? idk how you do that but its pretty good). . also he's from ohio? bruh
1. I’m very happy the users of this subreddit are cultured and have taste . 2. I could try and submit this to siivagunner but I doubt it’d get approved, thank you for the kind words though! . 3. Ohio’s where he’s from, he chew’s ‘em like it’s gum 
I'd listen to this on the daily unironically if it were on YouTube
I might upload it there because I guess reddit isn’t the ideal place to listen to music in hindsight 

Thanks! I started learning this song a little last June, but I focused on this song and learned it mostly within the last 2 months.
Oh man, I've always wanted to play this. Where'd you get the sheet music?
Here is the link to the sheet music I learned off of: . . This tutorial video was also linked with the sheet music, which helped me a lot: 
Thank you so much! <3
I don't release my music so you're welcome to download and listen to it from YouTube. Just don't repost it or anything lol
OK
Good observation 😉 yes all of those were intentional, I thought probably the breathing was what gave it away haha. . Do you play classical music as well?
Yes the full song would be pretty difficult! I would love to play the whole thing but I'm not nearly good enough at piano. I'm satisfied learning By Your Side and A Home for Flowers for now.
yeah, it’s so difficult! im planning on learning the whole thing and posting it here tho :)
im looking forward to it!
It took me around 4 weeks to learn the full song, and yes it's pretty damn hard :P  . Especially the last part. I still can't play it at the correct tempo very consistently.
Omg I'm gonna cry happy tears :(
I'm so glad you like it!!!! 
This is beautiful
Tysm!!!
i want the >!final duet!< played on the piano
I'll def play it when I learn how!
I’m learning violin, I’ll join in
Ayyy! Good luck, I tried playing the violin part before and it was difficult
I must hear this masterpiece when it comes out
I like it a LOT 
Tysmmm!!!!!! 
Thank you!!!
Not bad! I really wish I would have stuck with the piano as a kid. Playing music like this was fun to do. Back when I was a kid all we really had game music-wise were synthesized from consoles so I learned a lot of video game music at the time through repetition and a lot of listening...I've forgotten all of it. The literal only song I remember all the movements for to this day was the credits music for the Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past.
There ya go son! It's all yours!
Thank you so much!!
Beautiful :^)
So chill… I wish I could save this to my phone and listen to it when I need to calm down
I love that so many people like my piano playing, I'll have to post more!
Good job

It's okay 
nice job 
Thank you! 
I hope >!no one pushes you down the stairs!<

Do not ask why
I wonder what the other pale machine songs instrumentals are.
Honestly I'm a bit surprised that the "o-ya-su-mi" is in the instrumental, like, I'm not really into music-making, does anyone know why is it like this?
>!This music hits as hard as falling onto concrete from jumping off a building after my alter ego roasted me!<
I think it's noteworthy that both this song and the duet are waltzes in their rhythm, and they're also both played with pianos
It kinda sounds like cursed club music. . . I like it.
sounds like a rezz song
I don’t know what this game is, who these people are, but the creepy as fuck music and big shit eating grin got my awake at night wtf
play omori! its really one of those games where you wish you could re-experience after you're done with it
Ok. . 
have you played it
My life has experienced much turmoil since I said this.
he was sleeping so the music became an inconvenience 😂
I just love it when songs have this permanent whitenoise. I use music often to just block out everything around me to just focus on one thing, and that really helps. Also I think it sound pretty sick overall. Gonna check out your channel later :)
ARE YOU IN A COURTROOM
Nope! But now that you mention it, it sure does look like one lol. It’s a church, actually lol
For someone self taught, you do a damn good job at it.
This is so beautiful :D I love the thumbs up at the end, so cute XD
Great playing, but why are you in a court lmao
This is a banger that should be a song 
I will set this as my alarm ringtone
I'll taake no responibility for extra snooze buttons pressed
Don't worry, i will keep this alarm on forever :)
Bro is NOT waking up
Yup, that's why i will do it
I love the cover!. . Can you do OMORI -168 next?
it's actually one of the two that are up next for the mini album alongside by your side - 005!
It looks so good i love it
Aaaa thanks a lot
Im putting dis at my friends house so first i can annoy them /hj and two to sleep
. . Messing up the algorithm with this one
ok
that sounds really really pretty! where did you get the sheet music?
Hope it’s not against the sub’s rules to share, but I found it [here!]() I followed the sheet music pretty loosely and didn’t change up my left hand for the second section.
thank you :))
I love this, keep up the good work. Just hearing this song makes me want to cry
Unfortunately I have not :/ I also enjoy Underwater Highway, but this game has so many songs that I can only do so much haha. I have three more arrangements planned for the following weekends, and then I'll probably take a break from Omori. When I decide to come back to Omori I'll consider covering this song \^\^
this song makes me want to buy a piano made of bread
That wouldn't work, I'd eat the piano
And now, off to be doing the part that you‘re supposed to do after playing the song for more accuracy:. . *Falls on my knees, followed by resting my head on my balled hands*. . *crying brb*
"Tussle Among Trees" is right after "Acrophobia" as the songs are ordered by when you hear them first and it just so happens that the first new song you hear after "Acrophobia" is "Tussle Among Trees"
Yes ! He made 3 songs for the OMORI soundtrack :. . 015 Tussle Among Trees. . 081 Splintered Sweets In The Castle. . 178 My Time. . The last one is just the same song from his album "pale machine" accelerated to 105%
pale machine the GREATEST coltrane changes album 😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤
This video clip is from my last video :. . [This OMORI Music Tier List will upset you](). . It's all about analysis and entertainment !
I thought I accidentally clicked cast to tv on a youtube video or something because the music sounded like it was coming from somewhere else and reddit was bugging and I couldn't see the post
just as anohana intro and another songs just hearing a little of this makes me want to cry thx \^\^
TUVOTUEhISEg4piD4piD
When it started playing the title music, I felt that. 
yessss somebody caught it haha, nobody mentioned that on tiktok
Omori music is so fucking good. Its good, my dude.
100% agree!! my goal is to learn almost every song from it\~
well, I wish you luck on completing it. You did well on this one.
Aww she plays beautiful
Ty :)
is that basils theme? it’s such a calming song
Yes! Its “A home for flowers (Daisy)”
Aww, so nice :>
Ty :) shes a natural
That’s literally so beautiful
I will let her know :)
Aw yay
Wow is your mom a piano teacher? She has dem finger muscles
Yes she is! She teaches music and does an after school piano club :)
Wholesome TM
I think so too :)
. . In the description here!
You have any sheet music for it?
[Check out this video for the piano piece]()
Thanks \^-\^
I am also learning this song. In my opinion you are rushing some parts. Great work tho!
Yeah I know that I rushed sometimes.. I think I wasn't quite aware of the notes because I just played the piece 10times with sight reading and wanted to look what would come out of it if I record it. But thank you and have a great time learning this beautiful piece. I really like it.
Jokes aside best song on the ost imo
hehehe this is awesome!! that omori song is usually really melancholy, it's really neat how it comes off happier here
Omg by your side was the first song i ever learned on this piano!!!
It's on Apple Music too!
Bruh I bought and manually downloaded it to my Apple Music like a month ago. Good music tho, worth it
I'm waiting for the song of OMORI to hear your analysis
Oh boy the analysis of this one is juicy
It’s great! The kalimba gives a really nice nostalgic tone to the song, and I think that it fits perfectly 
I'm litterally using the title screen song to learn play piano as there is no one to teach me
This is amazing. The video explains everything quite well, and man do the songs sound good!
Oooh, I'm sending this to my friend. She loves Omori music. 
how did she react. . also yes i am 2 years late but i am still curious
She liked it!
nice!!
Would you mind if I grab some of these facts, I was just actually making a video of all the leitmotifs in OMORI
Not at all, most of them weren’t found by me anyway.
This sounds really interesting, where can I find it😳
I LOVE CASIOPEA ‼️‼️‼️
For Numbers I think it switches between Dutch and German
it's just German, no Dutch
Music is good
Here's the original video I used (the only difference being the lack of the Omori battle overlay). . [
Usually playing something on an off-tune piano just ruins the song, but for some reason here it just gives it character. I don’t know if it’s the piano or the song itself, but here it just kinda fits
What the fuck, this need more attention
This is sick man! You should put this up on youtube if you haven't already, I wanna put it in my playlist!
already did :)  . [
Wow that's very cool 
This is so good what the hell? Kinda sounds like the theme of an OMORI boss too. Great work, OP
I'm getting parasite eve 1 vibes and I love it
I would totally listen to a whole album of this! I’m surprised this hasn’t been done before.
I'd really love to see people do this challenge tbh. Had fun with it
w
You have made an enemy today.. . 

LMAO

okay. you had no right to make it so based.


LMAO I'm ded
. . Your fate for making this
Eh I see where you're coming from and I agree with most, butI would have swapped a few teirs.

Is this intentional or not I’m so confused
why would you put white space in that tier wtf

I see what you did there 
Okay. Good one 
BRO WHAT??? HOW DARE YOU PUT THE BEST SONG IN F TIER, YOU WENCH!!! . . (Never/Always plays)

I heard the first few notes and it triggered my fight or flight. I chose mute, because this song always makes me tear up and im not ready for that this early in the morning. 🥲
sounds pretty good. . once i get a piano im gonna learn duet (my friends gonna do the violin part) and looking at this made me realize/remember its *not* going to be easy learning duet . . just one piece of advise (sorry if this sounds rude) slow down a bit, youre playing the song a little too fast . . other than that, again, it sounds pretty good, keep practicing and youll 100% get it op 
Careful of stairs
dw (dont worry) i live in an apartment complex the thing closest to stairs here are the ones that go up and down levels in the complex 😭. . >!i just should tell my brother not to start learning violin and i should be fine!< 
My sister fell down the stairs tho.
OH IM SORRY
It's alr
. . Thx! 
youre welcome 
sounds great! one thing tho: the big scale at the start of the song sounds a little off - you can see how its supposed to be played in this video: 
You have obviously gotten a lot of comments, but I just wanna say, don’t rush through the game, there are a lot of secrets that could be missed, and always look in mirrors and open doors ^^. Omori is such an awesome game, it has amazing music, a great story, and awesome characters. So I hope you enjoy the omori experience :P
what is the music near the end
During the moonwalk or... the other part? If the latter, it's The Caterpillar by The Cure
I got matches with these songs:. . • **I Will Catch up!** by Omori (00:36; matched: `100%`). . Album: `Omori (Original Game Soundtrack), Pt.1`. Released on `2021-08-06`.. . • **Take** by Joystickhead (01:07; matched: `87%`). . Album: `Bloom`. Released on `2019-01-17`.
Hey \^\^. . I have a problem with the REPRESSED achievement.... . do i need collect the music sheets at ONE DAY LEFT or at TWO DAYS LEFT (TWO DAYS LEFT is the day where i enter the place wíth the music sheets the first time). . &#x200B;. . Thank u for helping <3. . &#x200B;. . PS: sorry for my English TwT
What song is it?
A bunch of them.. . * Pre-launch: WHITE SPACE (002 version, then 122 after you've made a lot of progress). * In-game theme: Lost, Then Found!. * Boss ready: I Will Catch Up!. * Most boss minigames: Three Bar Logos. * Undyne's multiball: World's End Valentine. * Mettaton's combo dance: You Were Wrong. Go Back.. * Random encounter: Tussle Among Trees. * Muffet's multiball: Splintered Sweets in the Castle. * Post-jackpot: Finding Shapes in the Clouds. * End-of-ball bonus: It's Okay to Try Again.... * Game over: So, How'd We Do?
WHAT HOW??
On PC you press enter
life saver, thank you
i do it with Z
Wait WHAT
I swear this game loves to waste the player's time 😭😭 first sprint now this
its all in the settings and bug patches though. i had no problem finding anything
The music is so great though! For some reason I absolutely love it
It's good but not worth my mental sanity from listening to it on repeat 50 times when I have to scrap the trash for some cash
I didn't learn that until I had over 100 hours in the game, so you're not alone. It's a lifesaver for that achievement though!
If it makes you feel any better I did not know you could sprint until I was 13 hours into the game
Well I realized you can sprint after watching Jaiden Animations' Omori gameplay (I think it was on the Faraway spider part. I'm VERY arachnophobic and I couldn't bring myself to do it) (but I did)
I LITERALLY PLAYED THE WHOLE FUCKING GAME IWTHOUT SPRINTING
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Respect
I also found out about this way too late. I was recycling stuff for the last time and I was bored so I started mashing random buttons and it skipped the song...
Uhm... Guys? Did you seriously not know this?
Also have a guide for HEADSPACE if anyone wants that?
this is so late but yes i want the guide please!
Here you go: 
This is the best guide i have and will probably ever follow, I thank you forf making the most annoying tasks somewhat bearable as my friend says it. Thank you for everything I hope you live a good and long life
Thanks so much! I’m glad it was so useful to you :)))
This was really helpful! Thank you.
Glad I could help!
the chances you even see this is little. But by any chance is it a complete guide for Universally Loved and Music Connoisseur?
Those are effectively included in the guide, but it’s meant to help you get every achievement in the game
Had to restart with a new save file for the third time because I didn't get Mincy on othermart in 3 days left. . And there's not way for me to go back and get that either, who designed this system?
I think one of the devs perhaps
Amazing guide. Would've been dapper if it were possible to know which quests give you achievements and which ones do not. Eitherway thank you for all the trouble you went through to make this!
I was thinking about that, but I figured it would only clutter the guide from what people are looking for, which is what to do. Still, if you need help with particular achievements, I can help specify if you would like!
ty sm my man. I was thinking if it were possible to add the text (achievement) after the quests and things that reward you with achievements. (the way some of them already do!) that way we can ctrl + f and track all the achievement tasks bar . Your guide is already the most organized one so far, it was this tiny addition that would help achievement hunters :) eitherway very grateful for the effort you've put in for this great piece of work, I have nothing but good wishes for you!
Good idea! I just updated this post (there were mistakes!!!), and made a Google Doc () echoing this post. You just need to Ctrl+F the name of the achievement, and it should be pretty simple. Thanks for the suggestion.
Just checked the doc. It's perfect. Thank you sm my man.
Of course! Enjoy being Universally Loved!
Google Doc Version: [
is it just me or is the second day morning and afternoon objectives mixed?
Which objectives did you think were swapped on TWO DAYS LEFT?
you can't talk to bebe's mom and reconcile the father and the son in the morning
Ah, you're right! Thanks for catching that. I just fixed the guide and corrected some duplicate info on that day.. . If you find anything else wrong, please let me know. Thanks again! And I'm really glad my other guide helped :\]
no problem!! i've been really burnout but if i continue i will def let you know :)
btw i used your dw guide to get all the achievements there so thank you <3
How do i get Jason's fight tho?
He's in the top right corner of the HOBBEEZ store. Interact with the poster.
Thanks!
Yup!
you find them in the piano room, you have to already have been to black space though and collected the sheet music from the deeper well
Oh ok, thank you
Liar, doubters can be clowns too. Silksong doubters are an example of that, clowns that doubt. /s
If doubter means someone who doubts, but still waits, then yes
Then I am a believer that waits
If there is anything I learn from a Silksong fan, is that to believe is braver than to doubt.. . >By the way, I can see those scary pupils that [u/SuperMTitan]() puts on Hikiko's default expression now. Can't unsee them!. . I can see it too, but Hikiko's gaze has always been lifeless to me. You just have too look at them in isolation, ignoring her cheeks and her smiling lips. If you are not convinced of how soulless they are, you can directly compare Hikiko's eyes to Omori's eyes. You'll definitely notice the similarities.
It's about time other fandoms experience the Silksong
Omori Silksong
Or Omori TS!Underswap
I also wish their team good luck! :) AND DON’T TELL ME, THE MUSIC IN THE TRAILER IS SUCH BEAUTIFUL..I loved it very much.. Now I wonder how many soundtracks there will be in this game? ((The same for 4 hours as in Omori?))
Do you need anyone who can make music?
Definitely all the help we could get would be appreciated
Ok. I could help with that
It doesn't work for me, I did everything you said, the radio is here but it doesn't play anything.. Do you think I maybe missed something?
I've been looking for more Omori mods on opera!! Thank you
yeah me too, I wanted final duet to be my background music but there wasn't any mod with that song, so I created it
I miss read it and thought it was about a mod about a black woman
^[Sokka-Haiku]() ^by ^THEBIGDRBOOM:. . *I miss read it and*. . *Thought it was about a mod*. . *About a black woman*. . ---. ^Remember ^that ^one ^time ^Sokka ^accidentally ^used ^an ^extra ^syllable ^in ^that ^Haiku ^Battle ^in ^Ba ^Sing ^Se? ^That ^was ^a ^Sokka ^Haiku ^and ^you ^just ^made ^one.
how😭
im surprised he did not become a famous music maker yet. that music he imagines are amazing
i dont really hc that much but i like to think that sunny would own a bunch of equipment for making electronic music post good ending, his room would be cluttered with synths and mixers and drum machines and he'd send his friends whatever he makes on cds that he'd mail over
nooooo this is the song from the trailer 🤓🤓🤓🤓
(i didn't see the trailer)
Wait until you hear the rest of the songs- it might not be as good as we might expect
I re made everything, Sprites, musics, background....and the programming
I can think of an Avenged Sevenfold song to explain why that's not a good idea
nice - check out my nu playlist  on spotify like and share if you feeling the music 
cool - check out my nu playlist  on spotify like and share if you feeling the music 
All OMORI things you can think of. Fanarts, fanfictions, fansongs, video edits, AUs, and recently, DREAMER mod.. . Done that in the entire time of the game's existence, and all in high quality.
Texture packs can add splash text, I use an OMORI music pack on MC and it adds certain OMORI splash texts there.
"Expand your mind!"
It's still real then, I'm right. :)
It ain't real, it just isn't photoshopped 💀
Song: [Friday I'm In Love - The Cure]()
Why not. So far i only have 5 arms, 1 eye, a hole in the stomac, seeing everything in black and white and to finish i have find banger songs /j. . . Also i know how to keep flower alive.
Good luck my pal, btw do you happen to have sisters? If so don’t become close friends or at least don’t play musical instruments like piano or violin
funnily the fnf miku mod was what made me start listening to miku music more often but yeah I was always aware she was a vocaloid
I'm a person who grow up with Vocaloid and majorly Hatsune Miku and seeing newer fans like this makes me happy, it's good that Vocaloid isn't totally dead... yet... As long as the producers exist Vocaloid will keep going on.
I will say that was 3 years ago I've been a fan ever since, I'm glad you see it that way. Rn my favorite vocaloid artist is InabaKumori and he's really been doing well
I agree, i'm a fan of old Vocaloid songs and producers, I listen to utauloid a lot as well. I like Steampianist, Circus-P, Kira and Masa. I also listen to Tanjiro Taidana and his utauloid covers, he's making Teto and Tei sound fabulous.
I'll definitely check them out, I usually listen to newer youtube vocaloid channels that are lesser known, but you really can't go wrong with the classics.
I'm a kind of prejudiced person, i'm aware of this and I hate this bad trait of mine, I'll keep listening to old songs and producers, I'll keep discovering new old songs, recently I'm obsessed with Torinoko City and Hibikase lol...
honestly thats a good idea, have the third song just be him absolutely going ham on it
that mod has fire music bro like just listen to ATYPICAL
no!!! i love his song “baby” and his other song that goes “baby baby baby aaAAWWW”
Planst vs zombies > Justin Benaber
no!!!!!!!!!!! plants vs. zombies is cringe and nothing compared to our lord and savior justin bieber!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! stfu!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
um actually cringe wasn't really used as a noun back then it was a verb🤓🤓🤓🤓. . (like THIS MADE ME CRINGE etc.)
TFHDYFUDGIEGCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (proceeds to lose argument)
🥪

i can’t click any of the buttons i think it’s broken
you know this Gangnam style song is very popular I'm surprised no one has ever made a omori Gangnam style version
(2022) There's an Omori Gangnam Style video but it's  made in low quality . . (2012) Gangnam Style is trash u don't understand what is the real music >:(
Omg I can’t wait to see the Living Tombstone make a fan song for this game!! :)
Omori was awesome but why weren't there any awesome songs??? They should have featured Ganga Style that song is so funny!!1! Oh, but that came out this year- hard to believe it is already 2 years since omori! Also I just thought up an idea for an awesome meme, hear me out- what if omori wakes up in a swamp and meets SHREK? That would make me LOL insanely!!
Guys does anyone know any other songs toby fox made? His merry cd was dope.
He as made a super cool hack room for Eartbound called "Halloween Edition" with a lot of super cool songs and is very cool, I hope he does some original game in the future
I hear he did some songs for homestuck even
Hey guys have you see this new nightcore song of how to be a heart breaker it’s so kool XD
Troll face. . Edit: have you heard of the gag quartet?  [This song]() is a freaking time capsule from 2011-2012 memes
*cue Jessie theme song*
HEY JESSIE, WOOOOOO-
Does anybody know where to download the mp3 files of the game for free LOL? I would love to listen to these songs on my new bought mp3 player LOL! XD
*airhorn music*
i know that it's hard to do.... . \*the most emotional music ever\*

Ayy we finished it 
I just fell in love with this song, you know?. . That's was an awful joke
Nice cosplay and nice posture with the violin!. . The bow and hand position seems fine!. . Remember to keep practicing!! Good luck, fellow musician and OMORI fan!!
Thank you !! Actually I've been playing the violin for 9 years (the angle with the bow isn't great though  but I easily get distracted)
That's nice!! 
Nice! You should post a video of you playing one of the songs!
I'll do it when it will be done ! I think I'll create a YouTube channel for that
Okay!
Yo update us when you learn the songs! Would love to see it 
Thanks !!! I'll create a YouTube channel for that I think :D
