I suppose I see where you’re coming from, like I said this edit is really REALLY well done, it’s just kind of a shame so many people see it but don’t actually know it’s origins. Plus as u/ZangyNuggets mentioned, he tends to thrive on the whole “edgelord” persona and the distortion of his works usually gain him more popularity, he makes memes saying he thrives off of it, etc.
persona player located
Nope, sorry
Persona 4 - Specialist memes always manage to make me laugh, especially when they're well done. Good job!
Nice try OP, but i can tell that this is clearly just an image of the Phantom Thieves from Persona 5
lol it's funny my anime style is compared to Persona although I never played the game (They got pretty cool char designs so I'm flattered)
Sujny became a persona mc
Persona 3 ai voice
Okay now I gotta wonder who's 'replacing?' who
The okbuddypersona is leaking..
Junpei can't spell
we are infecting 
HOLY SHIT I'VE HEARD THAT EXACT AUDIO IN THE PERSONA SUB
I mean it is persona 3 voices
Persona 3 moment
Istg I saw this post on a persona subreddit
PERSONA AUDIO 🗣️🗣️
persona 3
As an omori fan and a persona fan, I fucking love this
Omori fans 🤝 Persona Fans. .      We didn't play the game
I am both, this is too true.
No. That's the Persona fandom
No. That's a lot of fandoms. Danganronpa, Persona, Omori and Undertale all share this. People like the designs and the style and then start creating headcanons for the characters and declare themselves as fans of the game, because they think they know the characters. The Persona fandom wasn't even the first with this issue...
Persona 5 fans, Metal gear rising fans.
I barely interact with fanbases now due to that sort of thing being way past me, aside from a few discord servers. So what is going on with this fanbase that people are pulling a DBZ/Persona and not actually interacting with the source material? Not understanding certain characters?
Yes
Nah that’s Persona fans
Just like persona 5 fans but they watched it at least
PERSONA 4 REFEERENCE
Is that a persona 4 reference [:
Not really, I’ve never played persona 
Adachi
Shhhhh... you'll summon the horde
adachi
Those look like fucking Persona Portraits, chat.
Honestly, no idea. Maybe an artbook or something? Also this image reminded me of Persona 4 for some reason.
My stupid ass thought this was a persona crossover
Tbh, I didn't see the subreddit and thought this was something Persona at first. . ~~*so Persona x Omori when?*~~
its supposed to be kamoshida from persona 5. . 
Jeez, they're pretty similar!!
nah, kamoshida is a lil bitch
Ryuji from persona 5
The persona 3 main character dies
Joker from Persona 5 is actually a Redditor, he has Reddit at the start of the game, or at least something that look like Reddit.
Bro cut off ADACHI !!!

Seeing the funny adachi sub guy on r/OMORI is like seeing one of your teachers out in public. It caught me off guard.
Even in omori I can’t escape ADACHI
Omori is Akechi confirmed
Kawakami persona 5 reference
"I am a Shadow, the true self!". . I'm currently suffering from stage 4 Persona brainrot lul
I’ve been on n okbuddypersona too much recently
Danganronpa fans, Persona fans, and Omori fans. The holy trinity.
Danganronpa fans, Persona fans, Omori fans, and Touhou fans. The four horsemen of the apocalypse.
No, you're thinking of persona 5 fans.
no lo odio pero me recuerda a oyasumi punpun sin el deseo sexual pero aun con las ganas de morir, el accionar impulsivo dañino a extremos y una obsesión en una persona ahora que me lo puse a pensar, se que punpun es mucho peor persona en muchos sentidos pero igual me lo recuerda
Persona 5 Royal
A persona 2 reference! Never thought I would see one in here.
Omori sort of evaded it mostly, but it is uncannily similar to Persona 2, not just with plot points, but mostly with it's characters. Jun and Basil even have the same zodiac sign, as well as Kel and Eikichi and Hero as well as Katsuya do it too. . . P2 is my favorite Persona story wise, which helped making Omori also one of my favorite games for bearing such similarities.
i was thinking more of a persona 4 style with the tarot card and bat. but in true persona 5 fashion, the mask would just be like "hello, i am here now"
She did this once with persona 5 so I’m pretty convinced she didn’t. . Edit: to respond to your edit check my other reply someone asked the same question
oh, trust me, I know.. . I ship Akechi with Joker from Persona 5
persona 5
I am big lurker of okbuddypersona that’s why. I also know one of their mods is active on this sub.
Persona 3 mentioned!!!
Probably refugees from okbp. They have been invaded by xenoposters.
I thought that was p3.
Well at least we got a persona reference(I have been persona reload the chance I got and really been enjoying)
Same 
For my crack theory, omori takes places in universe as persona. It would explain headspace that as it(basically a spirit world where it influence by the mind)
Adachi!!!
Something Something Persona 3 reference
something something burnt bread
something something baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby
BABY BABY BABY BABY BABY BABY BABY
YEEEEAAAAAAAAAEAEAAAEAAAAAAHHHH!!!!
Fears awake . . Anger bates loud . . Face Reality
Never beat charity. . The enemy you're fighting covers all society. . (Damn right)
Mommy’s not here gonna fight (All night). . Right here shadow ten o’clock direction. . Seize the moment, destroy the nation
Your rhyme is slow motion,. . Give me motivation.. . Freaked out now. . And dead on arrival (what?)
Round up around, spit out, All over. . Rhyme like a rolling stone comin' a crowd. . Watch out, they move, they diss you loud. . Guess what this sound, it bombs whole ground. (So round up)
Don’t ease your pace. . ‘Cause enemy’s brutal. . Moment of truth
There ain't no truce. You're the only one. One world. One love
But the Battle goes on. . Shadows of mass destruction
. . Sadly isn't Fuuka Friday
Takeba Tuesday?. . 
how the hell did we get here

The arcana is the means by which all is revealed.
Bro was about to commit Persona 3
TL;DR: Persona 3 portable at 20$, Persona 4 golden at, again, 20$, and Persona 5 royal, at 60$.. . Honestly, after the emotional wreck that omori must've been, i'd recommend something more lighthearted. But some RPGs that are also heavily story centric and have some heavy themed would be the persona series. Specifically persona 3, persona 4 and persona 5. As the older ones are quite dated.. . The games are all disconnected, so you can play them in any order. They follow the general storyline of teenagers ending in a parallel world where they can summon "personas" and use the powers for the greater good.. . Persona 3 is about death and legacy. Id recommend the "reload" version, as its a remake, but "portable" is cheaper and while it has worse graphics, it is on the switch and doesnt suck up too much battery. It also has a secondary route where you can pick a female main character (Commonly known as "FeMC"). It is recommended to play the male route first.. . Persona 4 is about truth/deceit and to a certain extent, bias. it's also the most lighthearted one, with plenty of humor and team building moments, but that all serves to hit you even harder when the punches roll. This one is my favourite. "Golden" is the definitive way to play the game.. . Persona 5 is about rebellion and overpowering the odds out of sheer force of will. "Royal" is the best version of it and while not my favourite, it changed my life in an undescribable way.. . You mentioned your daughter plays on switch, yes? Well Persona 3 Reload is not on the console, but portable is, at 20$. Persona 4 Golden is at the same price, but 5 Royal is at 60$, which taking into account i got it at 20$ on PS4 and 33$ on PC, it seems like a little much to me.. . If you just look up "persona" on the eshop you will also find 3 more titles. Persona 5 tactica is a real time strategy game very similar to the mario + rabbids duology on the same console. Persona 5 strikers is a spectacle fighter (similar to devil may cry, bayonetta and hi-fi rush) which is very fun, but as someone who played through the entirety of it on switch, don't. Lastly, persona 4 arena ultimax is a fighting game in the style of arc systemworks games like guilty gear, blazblue, or under night in-birth, which they published. And that is because they made it.. . Also, if your daughter ends up playing 4, do not have her interact with the persona community or look up anything related to the game online, as its hilariously easy to get spoiled on the big mistery.
just curious, what's wrong with a game being dated if it's good? have you played the first 2? (i haven't)
I have. Or well, ive played through some of 1. Theres a reason the enemy encounters are a meme. You run into a battle every 5 seconds.
