Stranger: Oh, it's *you*, it's been a looong time. How have you been?
Stranger: do you remember when...
Stranger: I've been really busy being dead. You know, after you MURDERED ME.
Happy day of cake stranger.
The furious one could be like Omori but with both eyes shown like Stranger
Huh, didn't know that. I thought it meant something, cute, funny, heart-warming or anything that cuddles your heart, I never really bothered to search what it meant either. Thanks Stranger, I learned something new today 
Yes. Have you played the game? He was basically nonverbal and absolutely not willingly to talk to or interact with strangers
Guys... Are we really arguing about whether a video game character would order a pizza after being in his house for 4 years... Im in, my bets are on he wouldn't be able to
Counterpoint, he fucking *screams* PIZZA DELIVERY. It seems pizza is the exception to his depression.
Thank you stranger, I like your Madoka pfp
I smell some burning liberal bottoms, protecting one stranger at all cost)))
Will is a powerful thing. Will--it's supposed to be a good treat, a more determined and persistent version of determination and persistence. But will and obsession--they sit right next to each other. They pretend to be strangers and all the while meet secretly at midnight.
everyone deserves some words of kindness, and sometimes it helps the most to hear it from complete strangers haha
um um . . i'm a stranger who found an even stranger war
I FINALLY FOUND WHAT. . *IIIIIIII WAS LOOOOKING FOR*
A PLACE WHERE I CAN BEEEEE WITHOUT REMOOOOORSE
BECAUSE I AM A STRANGER WHO HAS FOUND AN EVEN STRANGER WAR
And now goodbye forever strangers, I made this account for the sole purpose of commenting here, I will never see you again
Thank you kind stranger
ah.. . yeah... that works on like, quotev. but on sites where everyone's a stranger, you more or less get the same treatment no matter who you are.
Then why is it that many characters who know the truth behind Omori call him as such:. . >!The mysterious: "This form [Omori], though it has not shown it's true nature, is evil. You will not know it unless you fight it!!<. . >!Stranger: Why must you take that cursed form [Omori]? It is indeed strong and can protect you,but if you rely on it too often...what you will sacrifice can never be reclaimed .!<. . >!Stranger: [...]Your current form [Omori] subdues that...and although is it also evil...[...]!<. . And what does Omori do in the end? . . >! He wants to erase Sunny from existence...he is pure evil!<
Unrelated topic, but I think Omori and Stranger are the only characters with a fancy vocabulary
One monologues more, and the other sure can make an impact with that vocabulary.
Impactful vocabulary:. . &#x200B;. . 
>! You should impact with the sidewalk NOW !<
⚡️⚡️⚡️
LowtierOMORI.
It’s unjustifiable how hard this made me laugh
Depends.. . It's just good timing between the "...and the other sure can make an impact with that vocabulary." and the image.
oke  thanks internet stranger
Whoa, and I hadn't even noticed… Thanks!. . I should draw Stranger with cake, or something.
actual stranger
Damn, never heard a more relatable thing from a stranger 
Stranger?! Is That An Omori Reference?! 
Omor 
Omor? Is that an omori reference?
Is that an omori reference? Is that an omori reference?
Do you know who else suffers from dementia?. Do you know who else suffers from dementia?
I omor who 💀

No! Idiot! It’s a Big Iron reference!!!!1!!!1!1!
Omori fans when they see a silhouetto of a man,. . >!“Scaramouch”!<
Maybe put a stranger in the black part of the german flag. . I asked them if we can
Stranger
Aubrey was a stranger to us once we started the game and we didn't know her. Just like a stranger
I would love to see more the the black space/black space 2 characters given an answer. Example: The Butler, Stranger, Abbi, feel like really interesting characters and could be given a somewhat explanation
We're no strangers to love  . You know the rules and so do I (do I)  . A full commitment's what I'm thinking of  . You wouldn't get this from any other guy  . I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling  . Gotta make you understand  . Never gonna give you up  . Never gonna let you down  . Never gonna run around and desert you  . Never gonna make you cry  . Never gonna say goodbye  . Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  . We've known each other for so long  . Your heart's been aching, but you're too shy to say it (say it)  . Inside, we both know what's been going on (going on)  . We know the game and we're gonna play it  . And if you ask me how I'm feeling  . Don't tell me you're too blind to see  . Never gonna give you up  . Never gonna let you down  . Never gonna run around and desert you  . Never gonna make you cry  . Never gonna say goodbye  . Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  . Never gonna give you up  . Never gonna let you down  . Never gonna run around and desert you  . Never gonna make you cry  . Never gonna say goodbye  . Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  . We've known each other for so long  . Your heart's been aching, but you're too shy to say it (to say it)  . Inside, we both know what's been going on (going on)  . We know the game and we're gonna play it  . I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling  . Gotta make you understand  . Never gonna give you up  . Never gonna let you down  . Never gonna run around and desert you  . Never gonna make you cry  . Never gonna say goodbye  . Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  . Never gonna give you up  . Never gonna let you down  . Never gonna run around and desert you  . Never gonna make you cry  . Never gonna say goodbye  . Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  . Never gonna give you up  . Never gonna let you down  . Never gonna run around and desert you  . Never gonna make you cry  . Never gonna say goodbye  . Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you
i am 2 miles away from your house and decreasing by the millisecond/j
All I need to do is dip him in back paint and I got a Stranger
Good bot
STRANGER
Wrong once more. . Final Hint: They have a face but no nose, a voice but no organs, and a body but no arms
Hector
CORRECT
GOD FINALLY
Stranger
Well that was fast-
Stranger
Stranger
Yes
Stranger?
Incorrect.
Stranger
Stranger ig
Oh okay, i like him too tbh :)
Stranger fans are gigachads
I'm gay. (Idk I just wanted to say that)
Cool, I'm bi lmao
Cool, I'm lesbian (i think)
And thus the great thread was started. All we do now is wait
The wait is over...I'm pan 
I'm omni!!
im aromantic :D
Ally checking in... room for one more?
Aroace here!
Avengers... assemble!!
Fellow aroace here!
An Abrosexual here! Hello!
Me toofeels nice to say it
Queer Genderqueer here 
I mean technically I'm only into women and nb so I'm not really queer but hell yeah
And i'm trans and heteroflexible! 
Lgbtq+ pride hell yeah
my gender is maybe
Im bi with a stronger preference to females 
AroAce and Agender lol
I'm straight!. . .... . Why y'all looking at me like that?. . I respect the LGBTQ+ community i swear
Ally then? 
Yes
I lied I'm trans and bi 😈🔥
Stranger :DD
Stranger
idk I like interacting with people when they're nice. Even though being misunderstood is like my biggest way of annoyance, next to internet white knights, I don't let strangers online dictate how I feel about myself. but sure, I found some light in an already well lit place, cheers 👍
stranger is just great
I love him so much, second fav after Stranger!. . He needs more love <3. . 
Stranger Things is more unhinged.. . They f*cking started a petition just to bring a dead character back.
Your post's content violated our spoiler policy. . . Please review our spoiler policy before posting again.
Idc
She did come back!. . ...as a corpse in a weird magic hallucination.
The 8th would be "A stranger in a black space"
The 9th would be "The Truth"
The 10th would be "Is everything going to be ok?"
11th would be "Dear little brother"
12th would be "Confrontation and forgiveness"
13th would be "Will Not Succumb"
*\*Insert Stranger trying to get everyone's attention as an end-game hallucination\**
There's a big difference between someone creating a story, and someone fantasizing about characters and shipping them when it changes nothing in the canon. People who create stories must make characters, and said characters will need established relationships to give them more depth, and helps how they interact with other characters. There's a big difference between an author making a romantic relationship between characters for the plot/to flesh out the characters, and a reader shipping characters together who aren't together in canon.. . . I have no problem with characters being together canonically within a story for the reasons listed above. It is quite literally necessary for fleshing out how characters act.. . . Parents may do it, but you're talking about a close familial relationship, I'm talking about strangers.
From what you said, I think your problem is less about not liking minors getting shipped and more about not liking fan-faction. That's fair, I am not the biggest fan of fan-fics myself. But if you can accept an original story where two teenagers are canonically in a relationship without the writer being creepy or predatory, you have to accept that some people will be inspired to write their own interpretations where things might be different. That's just how fandoms work. People hear about a story, get inspired, and create something different. It isn't fantasizing, it is their interpretation/headcanon of something that is already there. Sorry if this sounds stupid, but I just don't understand how you can think that an author shipping two teenage characters is normal but a fan doing the same is fantasizing. The only difference is the canon, but if you get annoyed by people not following the canon then the problem isn't the characters' ages, it's that you don't like shipping/fan works in general.
You believe any fiction including a relationship between under-age characters is morally wrong. Which also means that any fiction made by someone above the age of 18 would leave the creator in that morally wrong position, due to them having to ship two characters and therefore fantasise their potential relationship to make it. . . The other thing I'll apply here is the shippers relationship with the characters or people. Many people in circles of friends can ship two of their friends together within reason and not be judged the same way you would if you did it with strangers. Well, when it comes to fictional characters you typically know everything about them by the end of whatever form of media they were in. Not only can this be considered creepy in its own right, but proceeding to, again within reason, ship two of these characters together is considered morally wrong?. . I believe that the act of creating a feasible relationship between two fictional characters for a positive reason should be encouraged. It's positive, can give contrast for your own situation, helps further understand a character and is all around positive when used correctly. I also believe that desperate and hurt people exist who will twist shipping to further their depressive state and gratification habits. I do not believe the negative outweighs the positive here though.. . Edit: I see below that most of these points have already been discussed despite the derailing at the end so I will instead start on the end of the last comment that was relevant. Yes, it is indeed unacceptable to fantasisze or desire, as the definition says, that a younger group of people in real life get together. In fact, the word fantasize applied to this would immediately be morally wrong due to there being desire from the shipper in the first place.. . Instead I want to focus on the difference between author and viewer. If the authors moral corruption is necessary to appeal to the audience, progress the plot or have some impact in their story, what's the difference between that and a potential headcanon where you do the same thing to create an effective story? Are they off limits because it's the authors characters? If you were to create a different set of characters by name alone, and put them through the same situation you would've with the authors characters, does that make it ok?. . I am now invested in your opinion because this is the first time I've thought about this issue, I shall eagerly await a reply.
stranger
An introvert is not necessarily socially inept  though. Some introverts can be very good at working in a team, even as a leader. They just feel it's draining to interact with so much people.. . Kel is a good example of an extrovert, he reached out to strangers without second thought ( e.g. meeting Mincy for the first time, talking with strangers while waiting for Sunny, etc) Hero on the other hand had minimal interaction with others when he was with us in Faraway Town.
Kid named stranger things
seeking "human interaction" on the internet? on a subreddit full of strangers with no profile pictures or real names? that's crazy
It is still interaction. With people. Conversation. In this case, hopefully with people that share an interest.
nah im secretly half human, and  half machine
no way
Stranger is lucky
I have All the RW and Stranger Plushies. The clothing on basil and sunny is as stated in the post. My kels face is missprinted a bit. It's noticeable but not ruining. The only ones I don't have a problem with are Hero, Aubrey and Stranger. I'm satisfied with having them but tbh I expect higher quality for what I payed
My Stranger plushies have been stuck in customs for the past month, and they happened to arrive today. Well, what do you know, today is also the only snow day in my country! . . For reference, I bought three because two are for friends to save on EU imports and tax.
Idk if we live in the same country or just have similar weather, but i had my first and only snow day for the year a few days ago, just a neat coincidence
3 looks like they’re going to murder OMORI. . 9 looks like OMORI is leading them
oh god stranger can mitosis 
Personally I think he can just let droplets fall from his skin and they turn into new little Strangers
So like if it's raining on something, are there just a bunch of strangers growing from the stranger it's raining on?
They say that headspace has thousands of strangelings.
Fair enough, that does leave a question though; what are a bunch of strangers in a group called?
A bouquet.
That's unironically adorable. Now I want a bouquet of Strangers
Aww 🥺
So Stranger might secretly be this man? (/j). . 
Nice collection
is that white space?
Certainly! I made a photo with bad contrast by adjusting the lighting th the plushies where it's exactly whitespace. . . 
A strangerous snow day
Congrats on the stranger-lings!  . I love the when distressed the strangers huddle, so cute 
They are so adorable!!!!
Idk man but I think OP likes Stranger
Lies and slander!
  THERES THREE OF THEM-
How much did you spend on all of it? I'm still thinking about buying one of them in the future (if they restock) and I don't think that it will be cheap.
The Stranger plush would've been around €70 if I'd bought him alone, but because of the group order, we knocked that down to about €40 per to get them imported. The others similar prices. I also got the Omori on Vinted for about €70. You can count $28 plushies, $15 shipping, and then whichever import, VAT, and handling rate your country has! For mine, it's usually €20 handling and €10 tax per shipment, the latter depending on the total value.
Guess they went to Texas (/j)
Wonder if this also includes Stranger as he's also basically Headspace.. . Eh, probably not, but he's the one I'm missing, so I'm holding on to hope.
Are you implying that Stranger just got isekai'd from somewhere else??
Stranger plushy.
Stranger plush!!!!?
I'm stealing stranger plush if you allow it 😊
Cheers stranger
Stranger Spinnileaf spotted
I like my voidling
I like how some plush pics imply at least some of Nightshade is canon?. . P.S. According to unused files in the code, Stranger's beta name was "Shadow." Stranger is quite literally the ultimate life-form.
NIGHTSHADE CANON NIGHTSHADE CANON. . That's adorable. Shadow the Hedgehog canon.
Yep! Whenever Stranger appears in Basil's form (which is most of the time), his game file name is "Shadow Basil." The Stranger appearing in the lake through a WTF event was originally intended to have a different appearance which is labelled in the files as "Shadow."
#IT'S STRANGER EXTRAORDINARY!!!!!!
>!Stranger !<didn't disappoint
That whole segment was pretty sweet, really like the way things are going personally
why do you care so much that a random stranger online feels weird reading something made by a bad person? if you enjoy the manga that's fine but its weird to get upset at strangers for getting weird vibes from something made by a horrible person. someone disliking something you like or consuming media differently than you isnt a personal attack or inherently wrong in any way.
SHOW ME 👀 (p.s. LivianLynx ur like the Stranger equivalent to spinnileaf)
Aw, that's a great honour! I need to clear up my artblock already and get more insane about drawing him. . . The Omori-specific fic isn't up yet, but the general story all goes in this series! 
OMG STRANGER OMORI REFERENCE
1: Omori IRL looks like some Stranger things-esq Show that everyone Goes Crazy about.  . 2: I thought that the text on the journal was japanese and i was confused  . 3: Nice Cosplay and photos.
That last photo would be soo dope if the stranger was staring back at the mirror. Amazing photos though!
Ohhhh yees i actually tried that but it kinda lookes weird so sadly no
Wow, you really think this is how conversations go? You think convos are you one sidedly letting off steam on strangers? That’s actually really sad. Keep being rude, I’m sure it’ll do you many favors in the world.. . Thanks for the engagement tho ✨ keep commenting if u wanna boost my post! 🌈 
You mean the insults I directed your way after you insinuated me to be racist, try to lambast me for being upset for a day, and say I was harassing you. Also, how was it one sided? You were replying and asking questions?
Thanks for the engagement, new number one fan!!! 
Stranger
Weed
Ok what about >!stranger!<
EYE EMOJI
Thanks kind stranger
That's pretty kickass stranger, good one.
Thank goodness there wasnt no staircase in the background... but in other words, pretty cosplay stranger
>!Its part of the hikkikomori route, after you fight Stranger!<
"The truth is difficult for you. In the past, it has caused you to stray to your DESTRUCTİVE form.Your current form subdues that... and although it is also evil... it may still be the better of the two." Stranger. . So Omori is the only reason sunny didnt end it and even stranger thinks repression is still better than what almost happend
Stranger can speak Shakespearean English but he chooses not to
He speaks in the [fancy blackletters]() from the old omori
Death note letter looking ass
-Stranger speaks in a British accent: "Its all your fault ya fecking dumbass". . -Stranger binge watches Stranger Things. . -Sunny plays among us. . -Basil has a nervous voice crack voice (I think everyone can agree on this one). . -Hero makes that's what she said jokes and laughs hysterically afterwards. . -mari's favorite song in "stairway to heaven". . -something is actually kel in disguise doing a little trolling to sunny (joke)
Even Stranger?
Yeah. A lil less cute but still cute
Based
Stranger may be a little less cute but his little walk 😭😭❤️
Ongod can't wait till they release the STRANGER plush 
Apart from the instances you mentioned, he is also alone in Headspace's other serious moments such as first finding stranger, falling in new areas etc.
True
Happy birthday good stranger
Thank you as well stranger
uh yeah sorry that's either a pibby glitch or you photoshopped it...have a reddittastic day kind stranger!
Mate check r/place and look yourself then if you are too ignorant to say you are wrong.
No this has GOT TO be a pibby glitch i checked right now and it does NOT say canvas!!!
I think this guy is a troll....don't feed the trolls guys this has just gotta be a troll......or a pibby glitch...
Oh really then send a screenshot. 
Here it is, Theo\Staricace\... Why would you even put your real name as your reddit username, Theo...... I don't think you thought that one through... . 
this staircase fellow doesn't even follow redditquette!!  who in the chonker would ever make their REAL NAME thier reddit username (reddit username dictates your entire redditsona online so it's very important)  Mr Theo Staircase is really an insta normie for this one
I just checked and yeah sorry but it doesn't say """canvas""" for me.  perhaps you're using an Instagram normie client for people who aren't cultured with bigger word knowledge?  or is this a joke...because I think jokes are supposed to be..*checks notes again*...funny?   this has just GOTTA be a pibby glitch mane....
Really can you send me a screenshot of it then? One that’s not edited in anyway.
sorry but I don't submit to people who don't follow reddiquite.  may our lord funko pop in science have mercy on you kind stranger
Of course it’s the Stranger flair giving us the reality check.
Oh, okay. Well, imo, it's worth a shot. . . Farewell for now, kind stranger! 
No, stranger is the black gu- wait this sounds wrong

what 
fUUCCKK FINALLY THANK U KIND STRANGER
Woohoo! Thank you for the recipe, kind stranger 
No prob 
No offence it sounds like you are ridiculous depressed. Not only that, it took you also so many times to find a thing that almost everyone finds on their first play through. Just saying as a random stranger on the internet that you should find a different way to cope with your problems then playing Omori 15 times (which is about at minimum 300 hours to do).
maaaaaaybe but i have a potato computer so i can't play any other game, i can't go outside and i played it mostly during quarantine so yeah
There are other things to do other than playing the same game over and over, but you do you I guess.
Never thought of using omori mods for this, nevertheless thanks kind stranger
yes, in the room where stranger explodes after the fall and you have to collect his little ones, there’s a letter with a heart on it. interacting with it a few times allows you to read it
in order for the radio to play anything you have to have the maximum alertness score of 10 (increases whenever you get the message “you feel yourself become more alert“). this basically comes down to doing all of the hidden content, starting with reading the self-help guide in white space after being separated from omori the first time and ending with sitting on the bench with stranger in the first red house of the prelude. badges are a good way of seeing where you may have missed stuff. you can check your score by talking with the fox in the green forest house
Thank you so much, I thought I was at ten but I was at nine alertness level, it worked
good to hear!
Am I weird for wanting a stranger plushie as well?
. . Stranger watching the whole thing:
He's a 16 year old straight(debatable) boy who's only contact with any girls (or anyone for that matter) is his mom or probably internet strangers.
I meann they're family, not strangers.. They'd be curious enough to look. My sister shops online a lot and and while she was at work one time, I couldn't resist my urge to open the package for her. . EDIT: wow so judging from this thread people aren't close with their family? Or just live by different standards or rules?. because at least to me I don't see anything wrong with opening mail of someone you're close with unless they otherwise stated they want privacy.. are you guys normally that secretive among your family members that having absolute privacy with mail is needed? I'm genuinely curious. . For context my own family is fine with it, we even show and tell each other about what we buy..
Local Omori fan discovers largely LGBT fanbase typically does not have a positive relationship with their parents. More at 9
You should stop doing that, it’s a good way to find your sister’s new dildo
You're actually disgusting for having that as a first thought. And in defense my sister literally does the same thing to me.. (she sometimes opens my packages).
Just trying to save you some future trauma
I've already got enough of that thanks to Omori... . Jokes aside, keep your weird ass life experiences or expectations to yourself. You're generalizing girls here. Plus I know my sister well. Just creepy and disturbing as hell having some stranger tell me this.. . Like sure you could be right, it's a possibility. but you have no right in casually telling me this..
prude
Family should respect privacy too.
Made an edit to my original comment, because I'm genuinely wondering why many of you are so secretive among your family. Because my own family is absolutely fine with it, obviously I wouldn't open anything if I know the person isn't absolutely fine with it. . Isn't it common sense? Thought it was generally known that people need their own boundaries and have a right to privacy
