What can I say except, I love this, literally my favorite ship ever.
WHAT CAN I SAY EXCEPT YOU'RE WELCOME
Thank you
You're welcome
I refuse this outcome of your opinion
What?. You cannot refuse!
What can I say except, yes, yes I totally agree with your statement
Man this sunburn art is cute an-. . *AUBREY WAIT NO THAT ISN'T A CAT ITS OMORI*
Not what he wanted be in the real world
nekomori
Good job you burned my entire skin off
At least your not Communist Naruto. With a Sunburn that gave you Skin Cancer cause if you die, Look at Sovirt Union aa a example. :(. . . WELL CRAP I READ TOO MANY SUNBURN FAN FICTIONS AND NOW I GOT SKIN CANCER!!!
i dont care i like sunburns!!!!🥺
for people who like this dynamic check out "miss shikimori is not just cute"
“Mr Hikikomori is not just cute”
Will check it out!
cultured
what the fuck, they look just from the cover they look a lot alike
yeah i wasn't kidding, it's basically the exact sunburn dynamic as well. reserved timid kid and his cute but also cool gf
Fuck. Yes.
AHHHH STOP THIS IS BEUTIFUL
this is literally my most favorite ship I need more but I can't find any :(
There is quite a lot.
F U C K I N G Y E S
Ok sure but where is Gyes located?
I got absolutely fucking radiation burnt on this. It's like Chernobyl but even worse!
Soviet Union reference. . I got Nukes
Jesus this looks good!
Oof ouch my skin
friendship ended with sunflower. . now sunburn is my best friend
**Thanks now I have diabetes.**
I’m a little confused what that has to do with anything but I’m just not gonna ask
It's just that sweet
True, I can’t argue with that
I got skin cancer
Too powerful, Sun burned my skin :(
My heart has already been sunburned
Here is a Sunburn Discord OwO. 
It ded
Oh no! Its everything I could ever hope for and more!
JOKES ON YOU IM INTO SUNBURN SHITS. . \*no jokes, this is so lovely
That’s one sunburn I need uwu to Aubrey my true poggers waifu
Awww!
Yay
catboy omori...
AKA: Nekomori
she turned him into a cat
No that's Nekomori (Cat Omori)
Im happy that this was the first thing i saw when i opened reddit
give me moRE OF THIS PLEASE-
they cute
Not my favorite ship but still cute
so cuteee aHHH
i love this and especially the art :D
yes Yes YESSSSSSSS
My skin cells are being irradiated
I fucking love it and I now have skin cancer.
It may give me cancer but damn I need it!
My skin is burning and I don’t care
The art is awesome
Have I been outside on an Arizona Summer day? Cause this is some good Sunburn!
Man this one of the top post of all times on this subreddit
cute!!!!!!
What a good day to see
i am in unending pain
I LOVE THIS SO MUCH
It is wonderful. (Can’t say the same for my life but that’s fine)
This is SOOOO cute 👄
Okay... just okay 😌
God I wish that was meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
I love this
AAAAAAAAA THEY SMOOCHEDDD <3333333
I love all sunburn fanart because it implies that she forgave Sunny.
This does not help that I just had an actual sun burn on the beachside 2 days ago
WHERE’S THE ALOE😌😌🖤🤍
It's too sweet my eyes burn!!!
So cute
Meanwhile- In a reality where everything is okay…
God bless you for the sunburn content
I’ve never played this game. Did that anime girl just turn her boyfriend into a cat?
IT DOESNT MATTER WHETHER IF HURTS OR NOT I WANT SUNBURN ALL OVER MY BODY 
Heaven
Holy shit that's cute.
Jokes on you its raining. . Oh you mean....crap. . *dies from skin cancer*
FUN FACT I have fucking SKIN CANCER NOW!!!
4444 upvotes
🌵

Wb kero ?????
Imsorrywhat
I DONT KNOW WHO TO SHIP ANYMORE HELP ME
No no no no no no
i support bottom right picture
Yes 100%
gersh durnit another win for the sunburnt people!1!
“obviously, stabbing somebody is a sign that you love them in a ton of cultures.”. . \-a sunburn shipper probably
I mean, you can't deny that that's the fastest way to reach a person's heart, other than a gunshot maybe.
the quickest way to someone's heart is between the fourth and fifth ribs.
thank you for letting me know
I believe in Sunburn supremacy
I believe in your belief of Sunburn supremacy
Salvation to thee who rallies behind the Sunburn banner
As the Sunburn community always said, "STEP ON ME"
Daily dose of Sunburn. . Makes my heart melt
1st page only Sunburn forever B)
Sunburn moment
Give that sunburn
Sunburn
cotton candy shipper are complain about Sunburn. That's all I can say
I remember when I got suspended for 3 days because I made a joke under that meme.
Woah really? Why??
Reddit thought I was threatening violence lmao
Is the post still up?
Yeah, but my comment was removed
Reddit moment
Lol what was it
wow its monika in the omori section lmao
We can't escape her...it's just Monika.
*deletes file*. . I'm sorry, what were you saying?
Yeah reddit's automod is hilarious sometimes. Got someone banned for harassment this morning because I reported them for telling me to shut up lmao
I got reported because I told somebody that the probably shouldn't say something about killing children on a subreddit where you post cute things
God I hate reddit's policy on threatening violence
Reddit just offered me support rn because apparently someone reached out to reddit to see if I need help, it's probably because of this joke as well because that never happened to me before lmao
This aged well now that the account is deleted
LMAO WHAT
" Your hands are so soft , can you choke me back while we do it "
*This number has been blocked*
happy cake day! 
Happy caku day! 
happy crock day
Finally, just the compliment I was looking for
happy cock day

Happy 🐓 day Lmao

Happy cook day!
Erect cock day!
This right here is what I call perfection
Just you, my friend
Happy dessert day
Hb!

Flirt 100
How to flirt Version 2.0
"I hate you, i love you". . &#x200B;. . *Brain.exe stopped working*
Tsunderes in a nutshell
Damn she’s good at this
Speech level decreased to 0
*increased
"... yeah..."
I would fold immediately tbh 🤷🏾‍♂️
She knows how to flirt lmao 
her genius knows no bounds
"Sometimes, my genius...it's almost frightening."
"Sometimes, if you listen carefully, you can hear my genius"
I think this can be considered progress.
 : As a matter of fact, I do not.. . .... . Say something meaner.

Speech 100
:😳
what did he say back?


G
[funni]()
soo true

Sunburn is my favorite ship cause of memes like this
: sometimes my genius is almost frightening
Nonono, sunburn is something you get at the beach
Can confirm this would work
. . U gave me a sunburn I am now having a transformation into Gear Fifth.
I mean Sunburn was already canon but this is even more canon now.
wait what is sunburn agian
Why is it called Sunburn? I feel like I recently came across a line in the game that made it make sense, but I can't remember what it was.
Adding this to my sunburn cute compilation this is probably around my 500th thing to add to it lol 
Can you share it by any chance?
That'd be too many pictures for me to upload 
Share, please
I told you too many pictures to upload I'm not uploading a thousand pictures here 
Noted then, have a good day, afternoon or wherever your timezone is at
It's not necessarily about the ship itself, but I feel like this sub is oversaturated with Sunburn posts. I like it and everything, but imo posts should be a bit more diverse.  . Also blessed.
Yeah gotta agree, I'm always gotta a preference (simply a Sunburn shipper) but it can get annoying, now I don't hate or love it constantly but I feel like we could have way more posts on other ships. Like Sunflower or Suntan or Kimbrey for example.. . I think it's not really about the ship but what makes the ship work and such.
Blessed
I think it deoends where you go. Cause Reddit i think has more Sunburn but i think twitter has more Sunflower
Oorrr maybe people just like it and you shouldn't police what ships people post about? Lmfao
What part of "imo" which directly means "***in my opinion***" did you not understand?
I have lost braincells when people argue alot about one's opinions. As always I respect yours 
And I respect your opinions 
Ok? It's still dumb to want to change it, masking it under the guise of it being your opinion doesn't mean you're free from criticism.
I didn't say that people need to stop posting Sunburn, I only said that posts ***SHOULD***, but don't have to be a bit more diverse.  . Also being unnecessarily mean towards my opinion ≠ criticism.
Dude that means the exact same thing what point are you even trying to make here. . . I told you to respect what ships people like and not police them how is that mean? Even if I worded it mean it's still relevant criticism.
>Dude that means the exact same thing. . It quite literally doesn't.  . People use "need" when something is *required*.  . Examples:  . I need a new pair of shoes.  . We need to hire a mechanic.  . . . People use "should" for advice or opinions.  . Examples:  . You should interfere.  . You should do it somewhere else.. . Now sure, these can be used interchangeably, but only sometimes. Usually "need" is used for higher levels of necessity than "should".  . . . >I told you to respect what ships people like. . Who the fuck said that I don't respect them? Your words have much less respect towards ships than mine, considering that you apparently want this sub to be dominated by one single ship. People don't like only one ship and not everyone here is a fan of Sunburn, you know. I pointed out that it would be nice if some other ships could be posted here other than Sunburn, but it's not required and it's still up to those who actually post fanart on this subreddit.
It's subjectivity, it's okay to post about this but they're stating that it gets out of control and it's their own opinion. Nothing factual just straight up opinionated
Ok? It's still dumb to want to change it, masking it under the guise of it being your opinion doesn't mean they're free from criticism.
Yeah but still it's this dudes opinion and you should respect that
Lol sunburn
i feel like sunburn would probably be the most possible ship if accurate to the game. but i also really like the fanart that people make of it, it's cute and wholesome :)
How?
I respect that, it can and cannot be considered Canon and people need to remember it's up to interpretation.. . I understand your view point and has its flaws, I just like it and I enjoy the content and ever growing lore to why they're friends. There's alot of sunburn content and it's mostly good but sometimes breaks the characters
I do sorta agree, I do think Sunburn deserves to be one of the most popular ships. but i just think it’s a bit TOO popular
Why I Like Sunburn : it's semi-canon  . Why I Dislike Sunburn : Sunny stabbed Auby  . Why I Love Sunburn : It's super cute  . Why I Hate Sunburn : Sunny and Kel actively disrupt Auby's privacy
Its absolutely not semi canon
Love: Nothing really. . Like: it has it's hints, I still don't really like the ship that much but it's still a plus.. . Dislike: a lot of the sunburn shippers are kinda annoying, I don't feel motivated enough to explain the reasons here but I think you can get the point.. . Hate: Also nothing.
This is all respectable, I feel your pain, but I will not agree nor disagree. Gday <3
I hate the fact that it's named "Sunburn" (GD referens)
This isn't really anything against the ship, but instead the shippers (not all ofc!). But I've lost count of the amount of times I post Sunflower content on my socials and I'll get comments like "This is toxic". Then when I click to see their posts they have Sunburn posted, which would be just as toxic without therapy. . . Tbh this kinda hypocrisy is in the whole fandom, not just (some) Sunburn shippers (｡•́︿•̀｡). . I wish this fanon knew how to interact with ships more appropriately and nicely. Instead of constantly attacking and arguing against those who ship different things then us. My rule is I'll always support someone's ship as long as it's not illegal!
I despise Sunburn. It is one of the worst Omori ships and I will forever be the leafy of Sunburn.
Hi, new to the fandom and all I have to say is THEIR SHIP IS CALLED SUNBURN??? THATS ODDLY SO CUTE.
Sunburn makes my skin red and it hurts a lot :( i've had sunburn so bad that i couldn't sleep
Sunburnflower
What
Ahhhh... sunburn... feels amazing
I don’t think I’ve ever heard anyone say that
Oh the Joy's of my bodys skin cancer prevention system
I believe in Sunburn Supremacy
yes
Awesome drawing bro! Love a little sunburn.
thanks!
Nice drawing!! Also more sunburn content, hell yeah.
ty!
Every encounter is a struggle between saying "Hi" and "Step on me" each time she starts talking
I wanna make a comic of this.
I want to see that comic
Sure, go ahead
Strangely relatable.
Strangely relatable as well.
I didn't expect to get called out like this
I specifically opened reddit for sunburn content, thank you
*gets scared* can be replaced with *stabs*
*Everything is going to be okay*
"hey, wAnNa dAtE?1??"
I see a bit of myself here and I don’t like it
I am a simple man I see sunburn I upvote
Spoiler tag please
Noooo my sunburn collection 
[Come, this is no place to die.]()
Remember: for shipping purposes, unless someone has their sexuality explicitly stated, every fictional character is bi
*pan
Oh right. I... Don't exactly know the difference
pan technically falls under the bi umbrella so i dont blame you. . . &#x200B;. . bi is being attracted to more than one gender and pan is liking all genders with no preference
technically theres no difference between the two labels, its just whatever the person feels most comfortable identifying with
This one's it for me. I feel more comfortable identifying as bi because I have a strong preference towards women (or feminine traits in general). In my opinion, pan means only light preferences or no preferences
wait why not just make them be the same thing then. if someone bisexual is into both dicks and vaginas, and a pansexual is someone who is into all genders (which i thinks is mainly referring to pronouns here???? i think??  i dunno im trying my best to be all inclusive) but since there aren’t any other biological genders (i think?), then in the end they’re also into people with dicks and vaginas, then isn’t it the same thing? or are pronouns that much of a deal breaker for bisexuals???. . dude im so confused im sorry i should’ve just fucking googled instead type all this shit out
I don't know if this is right or not, so take this with a grain of salt.   But I've heard that the distinction has to do with how somebody's gender plays into your attraction to them.  With bi, you're actively attracted to more than one gender (i.e. I love apples AND I love peaches.)  With pan, gender doesn't play a part in your attraction to someone (i.e. I love fruit in general, doesn't matter what type.)
okay, still a little confused, but i think i understand a bit more now? thank you!
It's just that you can't be sexually attracted to pronouns. Since there's two types of genitalia/bodies, bissexual and pansexual are the same in this case. However panromantic might make sense (even tho you can argue bi still covers that anyway)
But there are only two genders so wouldn’t they still be the same?
can someone handle thsi confused man im too cis to give an in-depth explanation on this...

your balls have been yoinked away by a non-binary person somewhere in the universe
I think Bi is in attracted to all genders and Pan is I don’t care about your body or gender. Essentially they are the same thing and micro labels are confusing but we gotta respect them
why is this downvoted? mfs thats literally what it means
Bi is two gender pan us every gender
There isn't one.
Holy shit is that Eric cart man sans
Yes it is I, Eric Cartsans. Sacrifice your big bones to me or I will give you a bad time and make you eat your parents
What's the point of shipping anyways, why not leave the relationships up to the devs/authors
**[Bisexuality]()** .  .  >Bisexuality is a romantic or sexual attraction or behavior toward both males and females, or to more than one gender. It may also be defined to include romantic or sexual attraction to people regardless of their sex or gender identity, which is also known as pansexuality. The term bisexuality is mainly used in the context of human attraction to denote romantic or sexual feelings toward both men and women, and the concept is one of the three main classifications of sexual orientation along with heterosexuality and homosexuality, all of which exist on the heterosexual–homosexual continuum..  . ^([ )[^(F.A.Q)]()^( | )[^(Opt Out)]()^( | )[^(Opt Out Of Subreddit)]()^( | )[^(GitHub)]()^( ] Downvote to remove | v1.5)
Good bot
this gotta be the funniest comment i’ve ever seen heart emoji
You brought light to the darkness.. . Good job.
And this is woooosh... how?

bisexuality
Redditor forgets about the B In LGBT
or the t
wrong, me and kim are just besties
it’s not gay if it’s with the homies
kissing the girlies goodnight
Are you.. Sappho and her friend-ing ... Yourself?!
no im sunburning
Come on you can't tell me your straight. Straight people aren't real hehehe .. Eh straight people aren't real ... Right? They're just a horror story right?. (Visibly terrified)

AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!
(its funny because ooc im extremely lesbian)
(hehe I'm just extremely lesbian in Any context)
oh damn you need some aloe vera
*roomates
Suuuuurrrrre.....I believe you.
Pan or bisexual? (Im a photobomb shipper, i feel you 😔)
Sadge
Why not ship both?
I’m still a sunburner, but then again I’m also a polyamorous mother fucker. So any ship is ok to me as long as it ain’t familial. Fuck anyone whoever’s into familial ships, get therapy.
Sunburn fans: imma pretend I didn't see that
As a sunburn enjoyer. I honestly don’t care.
sunburn and photobomb shippers die in 4k full hd live
I can't decide between sunburn or kinbrey
why not both?
that's an.... interesting pinwheel aubrry
r/accidentalswastika
Especially because it’s at an angle close to 45 degrees relative to most reference points.
If you detach it it doubles as a long range weapon! :D
Maybe the pinwheel tried to revive his family through necromancy but it just turned him into an amalgamation of he and his family together in only one body, but it still researches trough necromancy hoping that will be a way to separate their bodies, until an undead comes in the catacombs and beat the shit out of the pinwheel because he’s the weakest man alive.
begone nazi
Why would you think i was a nazi . I'm Jewish
bro you said a swastika is based shut up
Based means judging someone because of something that doesn't matter. Or am i just stupid
based means that something is really good
No it doesn't
. keep coping
Sorry for being a dumbass
just be more careful in the future
Actually, its kinda late to say that, but if you enter the link you sent and read, its says that the word "based" is used ironically so much on the internet, so:.  I seen it used ironically and didn't know it was used ironically, making my original comment . an unfunny joke.
bro its been a month get over it 💀
Yes but i was confused for a while after that
Ah yes, urban dictionary, the most trustworthy source of information
considering its community made yes
Your seriously using urban dictionary as a source?
yes
Bruh
anyways im muting this goodbye
Lul
that's not how that works... the actual definition of based is like not caring about opinions other than your own.
no it's not
yes, yes it is.. . but tbh idk what i expected from a redditor with an avatar who actually downvotes comments.
no
\>keep coping. . there's no saving this one.
Thank you, my day has now received its share of wholesomeness.
that pinwheel looks kinda weird. . just my imagination
Now I want to see them having a son. Give the daughter a little brother.
Yeah, then their son will eat all the sister’s food and she’ll die of starvation and the son will attain trauma and despise food and then we get Omori 2
"Omori 2: Lost In Hunger"
This idea was the head canon idea I had while playing Omori with my friend
Not a good idea unless there aren't stairs
NOT AGAIN
Mark spoilers
YESSSSSSSSSSSSS
I'm not the artist and I don't know who is if anyone knows who it is feel free to share
misa\fullmetal on twitter. . 
Thank you
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
Must be really awkward raising a daughter that looks like your older sister that you accidentally killed and staged her suicide with a friend.
God gave him a chance to redeem, he will do it
**Perfect Standard**
goals in life
She looks confused
Best thing I have seen all day :)
:D
:D
i had to downvote this reply so its 3 2 1
:D
This is really good you people are talented
AWWWWW
Give her sunscreen if you don’t want your daughter to be sun burned
Oh boy here I go being happy again
Why is this so cute. . I demand that more be made. . . Totally not bcuz i have no life and have an addiction to sunburn ahahahaha
The daughter is so cuteee.. . How much you want for her?
This is... just perfect.
Too cute
aubee
Oh boi here I go being happy again
Why is this so cute. . I demand that more be made. . . Totally not bcuz i have no life and have an addiction to sunburn ahahahaha
take my free award, you heckin' deserve it.
This just cured my depression
I love it!
Oh boy here I go being happy again
I want it.
AMAZING ART!!!
He loses an eye to stop being haunted by the something's eye
I am a pizzaman now
NOW GIVE HER LITTLE BROTHER
Consider the ending, couls this even be possible ending?
(I hope you) fall down the stairs and fall from a scyscreaper
Me too
fuck you
what did he say
Yes
Yea
. . This is fanart, but it gives me a sense of hope that these two characters can become happier later on after the game >!and may or may not fuel the pure energy of Sunburn.!<. . Credit: AbhorTheRent
I personally much rather sunburn but i respect your opinion
. . chad respects
&#x200B;. . 
Thank you good sir
Why not both?
Aubey making her own harem
I know, and that is why we sane people gotta make the difference and make everyone see that not every part of a community is toxic :)
Most sane redditor
I prefer sunburn but this is a good one as well 

I can see the appeal but i personally prefer sunburn. I will not fight you.
I prefer Sunburn, but you do you.
Respectable, if not for sunburn this would def be my second choice
Personally a fan of sunburn, but this is adorable
Yeat5\31hpy:2463
Sunburn is still better, but this ship is good too.
I will fight you, sunburn all the way
I accept this ship. . But i'm also a very big fan of Sunburn. . Good think i'm a degenerate that ships poly ships
I could go with either sunburn or this tbh.
Ah yes my second favorite ship behind sunburn (and sadburn)
Prepare to get sunburned bitch

Good. I was just reading a sunburn fic in a part where they break up, and now I can restore my mental sanity for a moment
Gotta Knock A Little Harder?
Yep
Goated pick
Yes, it's so well writen. I haven't read many fanfics in general, but this one is already my favorite
It's probably the best Sunburn fanfic I have read so far
Send me the most fluffy sunburn fic you know of
Where
You mean where I read it? [Here]()
Could you briefly summary  it? It seems interesting
I'm sorry what..
the fanfic please
Gotta Knock a Little Harder. I put the link in another reply here
Gg,commrade
Yep definitely lol. . This sub loves sunburn
SUNBURN FOR LIFE 
YES. . 
SHNBURN FOREVER 
Sunburn\~  ❤️
Sunburn is fun :)
SUNBURN IS BLESSED
someone needs to explain the ship names to me because they don’t make sense in my brain
That’s a fair point. I think we can all agree that Sunburn is the best one.
Alright let me check my lis- never mind this is all just sunburn stuff
that's a good list
lmao same
yeah, post it
I'd read it. I'm not even that into Sunburn, I just wanna see it.
Finally, something like this with no elements of sunburn
Sunburn real.
I’m new wtf is sunburn
Pink hair girl and trauma boy fucking
Me arriving on Metal Gear Excelsius: The sunburn shipper is right here.
Sweet!!!, thank you very much for collaborating with our annihilation politics, my good citizen, now if you could kindly stay still right there while I aim at your direction with my revolver I'd be very thankful
sir do you know what [metal gear excelsus]() looks like? you can't beat me
(I drop the revolver while looking at the giant war machine completely petrified) wow.................(I look at the wristwatch) oh my goodness, look at the hours, I'm goin' to arrive late at home, now sir, could we continue this conversation another day? I remembered right now that I'm late to a meeting, bye bye. . *I reverse the war tank and leave as fast as I can*
Pleasure doing business.
Why? Sunburn like dominates this sub lmao
it does tho
He smokes weed. And ships sunburn
Because Sunburn exists and is basically canon
I'm also a sunburn shipper I just don't get why it's treated like a competition
Because bisexual people can’t be attracted to the opposite gender apparently
I thought bisexual was another word for lesbian
The prefix “bi-“ means “two”, as in two genders.
Huh?
Bisexual means you’re attracted to multiple genders, not just one.
So it’s NOT another word for lesbian?
No. Lesbian means a woman that’s exclusively attracted to other women.
GOD DAMN IT FIRE EMBLEM FANBASE WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO ME
It’s a misconception cuz of Chekhov’s gun. If a character is introduced as bi you expect them to get with the same sex because why else establish them as bi?
The Edeleth part of the fanbase is the worst offender. . For some reason it’s sexier to ship Edelgard with female Byleth than male Byleth…
Well, uh… sexuality works different to fanfiction ig
The Fire Emblem fandom thinks a bisexual character is 100% gay
Bi is when you’re attracted to men and women 
I know that now
Alright. If you ever feel confused or that the facts may be wrong, you can always ask! I understand in this situation you didn’t know that was wrong however so it’s fine! 
Thanks
Bisexual means you're attracted to both men and women
…. . DAMN IT FIRE EMBLEM FANDOM WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO ME
as a sunburn enjoyer.... . i agree, i can't argue against that 
Kim’s leg is broken
She jumped on her because she was scared like scooby doo
They are all bi.
sunburn fans hitting the air rn
damn what did people who like sunburn did to you? Can't we all just like, respect what others ship?
Sunburn’s basically canon. . 
As much as I love sunburn Aubrey is a lebsiang in my hc so it just doesn't work.
You’ll still allow them to be close to each other, right? Be it romantically or not, those two really need each other.
Yeah no I have standards, they're besties still!!
Its ok we do the same for you. I mean when none of the new content involves any sunburn id be sad too 
but they'll never make it canon. they'll just hint at it. that's also why it's bait tbh. I don't even expect sunburn to be canonised, since like even though it has history, like, it eliminates all the other ships. any official shipping hints are just bait since it'll never be canon 😥👍
No i can see them coming out at some point to make one of them canon. I feel like it is such a hotly debated topic that some time maybe after all this new promotuon stuff there could be. Like i said i think there could be something in the artbook that could definitive like a kiss or something
we gon' see 
Yep or we wont see and well all just keep fighting about which ship is canon
Sunburn isn’t?! Then what is it…?
Punk Girl, Loser Boy
Even better tbh
Bully x Hikikomori
Correction: *Former* Bully x *Former* Hikikomori.
>Hikikomori. . No way
As a sunburn shipper I’m just gonna stay quiet on this one. 

I support Sunburn so okay
Eliminate the bears, then post Sunburn in the subreddit. Yes, the latter is essential to progress the game.
R/omorisunburngulag
Lel
A Sunburn fanfic.
Holy shit sapphic sunburn real?!?
real 
Yup, can confirm that. . . Sunburn here too 🙋🏻‍♀️
Sunburn shipper here.. . I don't think ships are inherently bad but people take it way out of proportion, however you need to see and analyse the likelihood of a certain ship, even with it's flaws it's still a valid reason to choose it.. . It's why Sunburn got so popular too.
same with sunburn for me, i feel like that's a realistic ship which is shown by the game
As kids it seems unrequanted , outside of Omori and dreambrey that is
No because I hate romance 
Based
relatable
the one and only true reason
Same
the only correct answer
The best and correct answer
If people makes wholesome fanart about it, it's cool
Remember the coin has two sides the internet has rules
Well here's my two side coin. . 
This is the way
Hi foxx!  
Omg its foxx!!!
fox i wrote something specifically for you, wanna hear it? :)
What did this guy do? called foxx
Woah funny seeing you here
i like it because. . a: there cute. . b: its semi canon. . &#x200B;. . i also like there dynamic and backstory too
Also, respect eachother please! no arguments
Unfortunately for you, this is the internet
yea this comment section has already divulged into disgusting proship garbage
Datura and Bubbly on their way to have the thousandth arguments(average r/Omori drama). . Like dude please let me appreciate the cute fanarts I don't even care about this shit anymore, let the mods handle it
i like Datura but hate when he starts this shit
I love the part where Datura said "It's Daturing time." And Datured all over the place.
. . Datura when he sees a cookie in the cookie jar (his mom told him no more cookies until dinner)
Does everyone here really think I'm a dude 
????????? Your not. . Shit well another fucking embarrassment to add to my collection i guess
LMAO it's fine don't worry, it's not like I've said anything in the past that makes it obvious  with how much I say dude/bro, I really don't blame you either
I embarrass myself every fucking day on this app 🤦🤦
Well, look on the bright side mate, you might be embarrassing yourself, but at least your not one of those internet clowns
I think people just deserve to know exactly who they are praising, and what they support 🙏
I think it's fine that you can do that, but i also think that it looks obsessive if you just mention Bubbly everywhere, like i get if you reply to comments saying "Bubbly is great!!!" But on like this specific post you mentioned something about like saying half of the active members on this subreddit are proshippers including Bubbly which to me sounds like you are really obsessed with this kind of thing.. if i have to give you an advice it would be "half of the users on this subreddit are proshippers because some of them [gives long paragraph reason]. . If somebody asks who, you would give a few names, one that can atleaat include Bubbly, i can understand if you're trying to provide an example but with the way your comments were like from yesterday and the comments from even hours ago makes it seem like you are too obsessed with this lmao.
Because I have direct evidence on the dude who is one of the most prominent members of the community, so I'm going to put it forward when I can. There are a lot of others I know by name, but they aren't as active and aren't as looked up to as Bubbly is.. . In this particular instance there's already a few replies from people who didn't know, so I'd say it's working.. . I didn't realize leaving a few discussion starters about this was obsessive? 💀. . Looks like the proshippers found this thread . . Since it ticks off Yolk so much that I'm exposing an active member here as a proshipper who sexualizes kids, [here's a link to proof of these accusations]()  keep trying to protect him bro, it's really making you look good
It does look pretty obsessive if yesterday and today consisted of you talking most about him, i'm not really against your actions or anything but from my point of view it does feel like that mentioning him everytime seems.pretty obsessive even if that's not the intent.. . My apologies if i worded anything wrong but it does look like to majority of the subs on this subreddit that you seem pretty obsessive with this whole thing and i have a weird feeling that r/Omori mods might target this the next time.
I blocked it out via arguments.
welcome to the internet, have a look around.
Anything that brain of yours can think of can be found
We got mountains of content. Some better, some worse
And if none of that’s of interest to you, you’d be the first
Welcome to the Internet, come and take a seat
Would you like to see the news or any famous women's feet?
There’s no need to panic, this isn’t a test, haha
>a: they’re cute. . They should make a new word for this level of cute, the same way HAPPY becomes ECSTATIC, it’s CUTE and SUNBURN
IT'S SO CUTE THAT IVE BECOME MANIC 
IT’S SO CUTE I’VE BEEN GLOWING YELLOW AND FLOATING, THIS IS ***[HEAVEN]***
HEY IM THE [[BIG SHOT]] AROUND HERE!
SUCK ON \[THIS ITEM RIGHT HERE\]! IM THE \[CERTIFIED\] REAL \[BIG SHOT\]!
Random [Salesman] Moment
COMING TO YOU \[IN NEARBY STORES AND ESTABLISHMENTS\]. . \[\[Designed BY The Classics You've Come To Expect! (C)1997\]\]
IT’S SO CUTE BUT I’M GONNA SACRIFICE THE RAILROAD
I LIED SUNBURN IS THE BEST ITS CANON HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA GET FUCKED LOSERS
semicanon is the most canon way of putting it
I enjoy ships as long as they are done right. . Plus its cute.
>I enjoy ships as long as they are done right. . that's fair, as long as its well done i don't see any real harm. . (as long as its not a gross ship)
I would say the same, but I always read ships that I like the most so I would say I'm full of favoritism
This comment right here, officer. . . •. . •. . •. . You’re under arrest for being illegally very based
It's pretty cute
yea it can be cringe at times ngl . . i do think its cool for like Au's or art..things like that . . but people acting nuts over them is weird to me . . &#x200B;. . but i love them 
I respect your opinion, but I can’t understand how people dislike transatlantic cruisers, they look super cool on water
Airplanes better
I agree with you in this one, but big-ass flying transatlantics with lots of pairs of wings would be even cooler
I like the Titanic
Based and icebergpilled. . ~~would an iceberg shaped like Asgore be called an icebergentruckung?~~
Titanic is the best ship
datura being based like always(also  I'm planning something for you and yes, it's an edit based on your pfp lol)
AVERAGE AD W 
That doesn’t make you cooler lol
Yes it does 
W + based + chad + fr
A true Chad.
This is the other 50% we needed.. . Sunburn is canon
I don’t because my favourite ship is the titanic.
Aight we gotta admit, big transatlantic ships are cool, but the og Titanic is unbeatable (unless you’re a big-ass ice block ofc)
I don’t mind the titanic but it’s not my favourite ship. . Pirate ships are way better because they are cannon
Pirate ships are overrated asf even warships are better than them.
I feel like the is too much trauma for any couple 
True
I believe it'd work best in an AU of some sort
Kid named stevonnie
Compared to most of the other ships yes. Sunflower seems pretty good as a ship and I enjoy most of the art that comes out of it, but I have trouble understanding ships like sunburn and baseballbat, I feel like Kel is more of a best friend and doesn’t seem interested in romance in anyway. Which is why I like sunburn because Aubrey canonically likes Sunny.
I'm not a fan of shipping, I usually just like the close to canon ones. Sunburn is one of the few I really like, it's so cute, and usually it isn't too cringe
The fans be really cringe ngl
Oh yeah, the fans can go suck a lemmon. I meant the arts aren't as cringe as they could be
What should I suck if I like lemon?
I am legally not allowed to answer this question . . Well, apparently you're a JoJo fan, so I guess you'd like it too 
Okay, so I’ll just go bite some frogs to see how they taste like… . . …oh, you mean **STEEL BALLS**? Yeah, might give’em a try too
Lesson number 1, GoatPrince: spin your balls in the golden ratio
Alright, lemme just, uuuh ****rrrip***\* DIDN’T WORK, DIDN’T WORK
NO PLEASE STOP-----
stop with what? You know what? I’m taking a bite out of an onion right now >:3
.... . ......
What did I even do??? ;~; (oh wait, I’m a furry nvm)
That's how I feel, I don't ship at all, other than I guess sunburn just because it feels right to me ig, plus I agree, it is kinda cute. If anything, it's just like, hey this is what seems right based on canon ig.
I don't really care about sunburn tbh
One has black hair, the other has pink hair! Of *course* I ship them!
I'm not really much of a Sunburn fan, tbh. As someone else said, it just rubs me the wrong way. 
I love sunburn and I do think it is somewhat canon but people on this subreddit are very annoying about it
I have nothing against it as a Suntan enjoyer but I do enjoy Sunburn mainly because it's adorable 
Yes i love it because is kinda canon And much much much cute OTP 


Girl bully shy boi
It feels.. Plausible. Overall I'm neutral about it. I can see how it would work, or how it wouldn't.
I'm not into ships, but I see them more as best friends. 
i do love them all as a found family!
i enjoy it a lot especially headspace sunburn, there's not really a reason most of the ships i like consist of me going "they're my skrunklies" <3 
I don't like sunburn, it makes my skin bad and it hurts (I think it can kill too??) so idk why you would ask that. . (This is a joke btw)
Was looking for this comment
It's not really my type of ship, Idk there wasn't any click with me.
Nope, idk why it just rubs me the wrong way. Y’all enjoy though!
Your cool dude! i love all opinions !
mmm i dont know if FULLY agree with you...but i kinda do, i dont think she would Realistically post good end....becuase....youknow...
I’m not a fan of it honestly, I’m not sure why though, ig I just don’t like it that much
It's fine and I don't dislike it but I don't have any partucular thoughts about it.
its cute but for i dislike it for no reason
I’m gonna be honest the main reason I like *any* ship is if there’s cute fanart so… yeah I like sunburn
comments section warzone activated
i specifically asked for that not to happen
If you have to ask for it to not happen, it *will* happen.. . Weirdly though, most of it has nothing to do with sunburn itself
Yes because cute fanart and semi canon
It feels the most strongly supported by the story so I like it the most
to be honest i think its fine 
I like it because its cute. And multiple things in game point to it maybe being cannon.
Like nearly all ships in the game, it just flat out wouldn't work after what the friend group went through.
Love it. They are adorable.
I swear i‘ve talked to people who did not like it because its straight
No. Why? Idk man, because i... I forgot- . . Not trying to start an argument though, I respect the ship! I just don't ship it.
I don't care about ships. Except warships, they're cool
Sunburn in lost library evemt is so cute
It's not my cup of tea but I rarely ship characters.  Even so I don't actively dislike it.
It hurts (especially if i got it on my back, then i can't sleep)
The only correct answer 👏
why am i getting so many ships in my feed now literally the next post is about muffgore
I mean, it's good cause it's not toxic, but it's just not my cup of tea
I like it, it's not my fav, but still fun. Anyone who says you HAVE to like it because it's the mOsT cAnoN can shush.
Personally I have mixed feelings, don’t get me wrong I think it’s a cute ship it’s just not really, like, my favourite? I don’t know how to explain it.
It’s not my thing really. I think that both sunburn and sunflower have equally as many issues as each other. Yeah, both can have cute fan art, which I do enjoy. But in my opinion, both have too many issues for me to enjoy. I think that if you like them yourself, that’s fine. Ship what you wanna ship as long as it doesn’t cross those borders that some people decide to cross.
I like it because it's cute, it's semi canon, I love the fanarts that make of them, and I really like that type of couples.
It’s boring. There’s no good tropes to the ship. There’s tons of other ships in other fandoms exactly like this one.
I usually wear sunscreen but when I do get them they hurt a bit
A. Cute. . B. It is a little grounded in Canon. . C. I like the childhood friend crush trope
I love sunburn its really cute
No, because.... I really don't know, i just don't like it.
I dont really enjoy it, anymore at least. When i started playing omori it was my otp but then i got into fanfics, and every time there was sunburn it was the same goddamn thing and it was so boring to read. The ship itself is cute and i think the art is great, but im more of a sunflower guy.
Everyone here seems to lol. . But not me.. . I don’t have an entire argument for why, I just don’t like it. It gives me a bad vibe for some reason.. . Also no, it’s not the most canon/respectable one and I wish people would stop acting like it is..
To be fair it is canon and we stan wholesome ship art so hell yeah
Its not really canon
I love it because they're cute and just seeing something related to Sunburn brings a smile to my face. 
1. Sunburn is a very supportive ship with characters that complement each other very well without Basing itself on perfection, loss, or anything in perinuclear it's flawed enough to be human, it isn't based purely on dependency both characters have enough traits to support each other in fields they lack. . . 2. It has enough semi-Canon (the other half being Speculated). . 3. Most variations are very cute.
Was going to type a comment myself but you explained it better then I could why I like them lol
I personally HC Aubrey as a lesbian so I don’t really like most sunburn.. HOWEVER- in the case of Sunny being transfem, gender-fluid or non-binary I think it would work and would be amazing. (Sapphic sunburn is my favorite ship because I am very gay)
I do not feel comfortable shipping children, even if they're fictional, because I'm 23, and it just feels wrong to think about.. . This, however, has basis in the original plot. It's implied that there was a spark between them before the incident.
>I do not feel comfortable shipping children, even if they're fictional, because I'm 23, and it just feels wrong to think about.. . i agree. . mostly discussing in regards to their future
>I do not feel comfortable shipping children, even if they're fictional, because I'm 23. . FINALLY, someone else who gets it!!! . . I've tried putting it into perspective for people by saying it would be pretty weird for adults to look at irl children and fantasize about them being in relationships together, but some shippers are literally so crazy that they've doubled down and said there's nothing wrong with doing that either 💀
The time has come once more to sort by controversial
yes
I like sunburn.. . 
I like it cuz it's canon
Literally only because it makes sense/semi-canon/canon
sunburn 
i just want more post->!incident!< sunburn
yes because canon
I am neutral with a little negative points about it because . 1.it is a too typical and common dynamic. 2.Doesnt really matter who loves who
Closest ship to being canon, still not a huge fan of child-shipping and friend-shipping in general.
yes. . because  sunburn 
yes! they're both really shy and that makes it cute
Two strong motifs plus a third minor motif:. . -They are cute together. . -There is complementation between the two of them.. . -Neither of them deserves a life without someone else to share it with....
It's cute and basically canon, fight me
i dont like it because i dont
Best ship to ever exist.
It's not shipping if it's canon
But its not canon
Well, at least it's heavily implied that there's some mutual feelings between the two.
The only semi-cannon ship, the others are weird and don't make sense and sometimes I feel like people like the ships for more than just "haha cute couple"
I like ship's that are canon so yes and no
i like Sunburn because is a normal ship that can be even canon
"Normal ship"?
Im not racist but for me the gay ships for example are just weird
What does racism have to do with being homophobic-??
ok but what does that have to so with racism
Only ship possible
im not a shipper, but Sunburn is kinda like one of those ships that i just kinda like because they're cute together, plus i kinda like the dynamic, also the fic Will You Still Love Me? absolutely made me like the ship a lot more (though they all need tons of therapy before they get into a relationship)
Hinted at in canon, also because they're adorable together  . . . I still like other ships but this one takes it for me
Is cute and nice.. I like it.. Simple as that.
I just don't like shipping in general
The scrunkly and the scrimbo
It's a cool ship, I like it
I enjoy all ships 😁

I can't really explain why I like it, I just do! It just makes me happy :)
I think it could possibly work out and I think it’s cute
Eh. Could have a better name
I like any ship as long as it's cute  (and legal )
i like (almost) every ship cuz the arts are cute
I like the ship because it's cute and i'm a sucker for childhood crushes type ships
Sunburn is a really good geometry dash demon by pocke. It has a great song and great gameplay, working on it currently as my first extreme (50th demon). Would recommend to any fellow gd players.. . As for the ship, I like it, it's cute :3
tomboy x quiet kid
Meh, i don’t really see it personally. I think they both have more important shit to tend to.
Definitely not my favourite but I'm ok with this ship
Personally I’m neutral on it, mostly cause I ship them with others. But I can’t deny sunburn has the best art of any ship
Idk
honestly has the potential for a really cute dynamic (girlboss and the one guy she likes) but like all OMORI ships there needs to be serious healing first
i prefer headspace aubrey & omori / pre trauma sunburn. i still like it but its not my favourite OMORI ship
<— i am entirely meutral and just like all art of any ship
i really dont have much of an opinion on the ship itself but some of the fanart people make of it is really cute
It's partially Canon, and I think the tough gal/quiet boy dynamic is a good one
yes, is the only ship i support
while playing i got the vibe that it was mostly one sided in present day. it was more of a childhood crush thing. i don't think they really work out in present
Neutral
idk what the fuck is sunburn
Its a skin irritation that turns you red
I love sunburn! I like their dynamic, i find it very cool lololol 
I like all three in their own ways
time to sort by controversial
im not really feeling it +i dont like shipping children/teens
no because 
I mean i’m more down bad for the dynamics in baseballbat but this cute too 💪🤙
Don't really care as long as people aren't weird about it
I personally don't ship it, but it's alright!
It’s cute but I really can’t ship anything from this game since they’re all me
Canon. Don’t argue.
No, because sunburns hurt
they're too straight 0/10
It's the colour beige shown in a ship. OK but often very dull
no it really hurts my neck and back and burns a lot :(
Quit your yappin
You just made one
Truly a Sunburn moment
a sunburn shipper irl
Nonexistent because I believe in Sunburn ☀️🔥
sunburn!! :D
Nice, Hope your Sunburn plushies are doing well ;)
We burning suns this month (I'm also burning cause there's a focking heat wave!!!)
they are so fucking cute together I can'ttttttttt
What's the context? Why's he gripping like that
he tries to cover her ears because of nasty stuff ppl in the church are saying bout her
I don’t like the term “gripping” 😭
. . But it didn’t end well…
Aw she’s a tsundere 
I need the full comic! I must see how this ends!!!
Been so long since I've seen any official sunburn hints that I assumed Omocat completely abandoned that aspect of their relationship and succumbed to the Green Goblin fujoshi mask's influence
This comment had me rolling 😭
Literally. As a sunflower fan, we've been eating pretty damn well ever since the game dropped, and even in the previous chapters we've ate well but Sunburn I think has yet to have any actual content post game so its cool to see this.
I'd put a spoiler tag on this as a precaution.
Shit, my bad
as a cotton candy shipper, yes
As the new chairman of sunburn, yes. We are eating good. As my fellow sunburnt people should.
I love sunburn 
i wonder what happens in the next panel
Shush.
OH MY GOD YEEEES! I WOULD DIE TO SEE THIS!!! 
ITS OFFICIAL
I KNOW!!! ITS INCREDIBLE!!!
Why is bro going for her ears?
People were shit talking her at the church, and she started crying lmao
We be feasting tonight! Today is a great day because my eyes have been graced with wholesome vibes.

Idk why does this look so nice... . Even tho thats a gory pic of sunburn 
HOLD UP. . SUNBURN WOOOOO
. . SUNBURN IS REAL‼️‼️‼️
Sunburn! Sunburn! Sunburn! 
AMEN BROTHER
SUNBURN MY BELOVED THEY ARE SO ADORABLE
Hell yeah
FR
In case it wasnt clear this post is pro sunburn and poking fun at people who see sunburn in official stuff and go "omocat is such a bad writer omg this sucks"
People do that?
So many.
omG ur actually such a smarty pants literally why sunburn is super officially canon
It was TODAY. And it had SUNBURN
oh no way that's much earlier than the other chapters
RAAAAAHHHH SUNBURN‼️‼️‼️‼️🔥🔥🔥 THE SUNBURN IS SO PEAK I CAN FEEL IT ON MY BODY🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 ITS BURNING MY SKIN BUT IM SO HAPPY
SUNBURN MENTIONED. . 
A great day for Sunburners
sunburn/10
 ♾️/10
Fun combo (sunburn yey)
r/sunburnomori is punching air right now XD
Nah, we cool, we had like a ton of sunburn moments in the last few chapters of the manga, and if the writer/artist follows the game's plot we'll get a bunch more, so I guess they have to balance it out for now.
I'll burn a candle for them tonight in the hopes they can get some crumbs again after a long drought
Nobody stopping me
biblically accurate sunburn
I LOVE SUNBURN THIS IS SO CUTE
thank u sm!
YWWW
Based and canon
I don't ship in omori, but this ship has me in a  chokehold
soo cute!
thank u <33

We burning the Sun with this one 🗣🔥🗣🔥🌞🌞🌞🌞🌞🌞
that is SO CUTEEEE 
tysm!!
this is amazing 
thank u 
You two look so cute with the rabbit omigosh!
aww thank u sm 🩷🩷
This is so pretty and lovely! 👏🏻. . (I'm a Sunburn fan). . Great job on those cosplays!
thank u!!
You're welcome! ;P
Omg this is adorable 
Bnuuy
that's so cute! i hope you guys had fun! 💕
tysm and we did :’)
This is so cutee I wish it happened for real tho😔
thank u!  also don’t worry this totally happened & everyone in omori is happy now lolll

It's so good!
tysm!
THIS IS AO GOOD
tysm :3
That's so cool!
Wholesome.and actual cute bunny along. Lovely cosplay and adorable ship 
thank u sm!
That cosplay is cool and all but look at the little bunny
YALL ARE CUTIES OMG
so cute <3
the polaroid is adorableee omg
THIS IS SO COOL OMG 
thank u sm!!

AAAAAAA THE BNNUY IS SO CUTE
Aww, so cute!
thank u!!
Bnuuy
This is too cute, I love Sunburn and this makes me smile.
tysm and glad we could make u happy :’))
Thank you!!!
that’s adorable I love the bunny
tysm and i love the bunny too 🥺
Surprised I didn’t see this in the sunburn subreddit. Amazing work though.
Looks both accurate and comfortable. Amazing cosplay!
I usually dont like shippers, but not this time.
Yoo That’s soo cute!!!
My two rabbits approve of this fluffy bunny love!

IT’S BUN BUN THE SECOND!!! 
OMG THE BNUUY. . u/ChapterP1 I've heard you like cool cosplays (and bnuuys)
Sunburn? Like sunburn skylanders?
Bnuuy
still I like sunburn 
 amazing
Hey babe wake up, new Sunburn headcanon just dropped
Ah yes, average sunburn moment
Nice job calling me a diehard Sunburn hater when I ship Sunburn. That's a new one.
SUNBURN CANON. . 
Least hopium induced sunburn shipper
Well [insert article that all but confirms it’s mutual]
Sooooo Sunburn confirmed??. . Edit: Jeez people can't take a joke, I purposely wrote "So" with multiple Os and had extra question marks at the end of the question to make it sound as sarcastic/not serious as possible.
Sunburn fans after i give them 3rd degree burns (suddenly they don't like sunburn anymore)
That's a good one.. . Is there any other jokes that could fit other ships?
But its so forced, there's nothing good about it
?
The joke. There's nothing humorous about it, it's just forcibly being aggressive for the sake of shitting on a ship name as part of a joke. It falls flat, there's no punchline no anything
I'm not making fun of Sunburn though because I myself ship it to an extent, the joke can't be aggressive in that case.. . If you felt like that; sorry in that case. :/
You do realise you can be aggressive to non-living and even concepts right? Aggressiveness in jokes can work, not everyone can pull it off
I really have no idea what you're talking about. My comment makes a little bit of fun about the whole "they are similar" stereotype I've seen in ships in various fandoms, I'm not making fun of the ship itself.. . And considering the whole Sunburn pun someone told me when they replied to me, I was wondering if there is any other puns out there because I like puns and I like using them from time to time in my comments.. . Sure I can be agressive to non-living and concepts; but I don't think I'm hurting a real living being or a human, which is why I hardly consider what I said aggressive. But as I said above, if you found it aggressive then I'm sorry.
I feel you. I had a sarcastic comment on r/youngpeopleyoutube that was. .  "OOf r/RaREInSULTS OMG OMG 😱😡😡😳😱😳😱😳😱". .  (it was about two kids fighting) . . and somehow I got 20 downvotes
Yeah, luckily for me I was still active by the time my comment got downvotes so I could quickly solve problems.. . Although I feel bad for you; here have Orange Joe.
what
bruh all they did was just push someone in a similar fashion
Read the reply I gave to someone else.
Sunburn: the murder duo
and that is how sunburn was born
Bad time to be a Sunburn enthusiast, eh?. . Ah, who cares? Pride Month all the way.
Sunburn but it’s the female version of sunny instead-
Aha, yes.
If you are a Sunburn fan, Pink Tinted Love.. . If you want to have your heart smashed into bits again, Autumn Break.
Yay, Sunburn
I ASSUME THIS IS A SUNBURN MOD, ALL FOR IT 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
AAAHHH!. . I love Pink Tinted Love so much! It’s such a hreat mod for Sunburn :DDD
I don't personally ship Sunburn HOWEVER this is incredibly cute. It's a post good ending mod, right?
yes
Yeah the mods literally just the generic sunburn fanfic but if it was a mod.  . . Also Jericho, (creator of the mod) is NOT well liked within the modding community because of him basically exploiting his fans for donations
Hey, I'm a friend of jericho's and he doesnt exploit anyone. The donations are all optional, but he just gives the option to have a little npc cameo for a bit of money. Every accusation I've seen thrown towards him has either been bullshit, lies, or people not understanding when friends are joking around
Сколько там концовок? Влияет ли там выбор слов?
Oh! And before I forget, I have absolutely nothing against the Sunflower ship, I think it’s adorable and ship it about as much as I do Sunburn! I just think that sunburn is a bit more supported by the game, however as every piece of art is up to interpretation, and Omori is certainly a work of art lol, everyone I more than entitled to their own opinions and ideas. I just enjoy debating, it’s fun, particularly on topics like this which people aren’t (hopeful) going to get angry about
sunburn fans are ecstatic rn
I always liked Sunflower and Suntan more lol  . You noticed a lot of "Blessed" comments under Sunburn posts because there were a lot of Sunburn posts.
SUNBURN CANON
 Could you link more of her posts with sunburn? I don’t have insta
I shall look for Sunburn posts  Give me a few mins and I’ll update my comment with the posts I can find. . Found [one]()!. . Found [two]()?. . I’m pretty sure [this one]() is also Auby
THE SUNBURN. . &#x200B;. . &#x200B;. . THE SUNBURN IS REAAAALLL
CAN WE GET MUCH HOTTER
Omori fans trying not to sexualize kids \*gone wrong\* \*the police was called\*
*I mean like*. . *Sun* ***BURN***
oh lol I'm so stupid.
Maybe you were the true Omori fan trying not to sexuality kids *gone wrong* *the police was called*
What, I was him all along?
Sunburn! Sunburn! Sunburn! Sunburn!. . 💗. . 💗. . 💗. . 💗
They are so cute yay I love the skrunklies 
average sunburn W
Eh yall been going through a drought recently. YOu need Ws once in a while
we still going through drought cause this art was made in 2014
