this gives "sans undertale" vibes
"you don't mind that >!I helped cover-up my friend's sister's death!<, Mr. Asgore?". . "Boy, I have >!murdered like six children!<"
truly they are made for each other
*Laughs in pale king
but he don't have flowee tho
Does white lady count? And if not then he probably had a delicate flower with it’s void characteristics
White Lady is a tree so... Yeah I think it counts
Hey he can get some from the very very very rare flowers that the grey mourner has just make sure not to stub your toe
Ah, yes. The guy who shoved not one, but thousands of his family into certain death.
*millions
Seeing how deep and large that pit is, I wouldn’t be surprised if it was billions.
\*void sounds\*
into the abyss you go
PROFILE PICTURE BROTHER
I know this Is one year old but 
Please fix your spoilers. There shouldn't be a space in between `>!`/`!<` and the text.. . Thanks!
on my end it showed it as working in the comment section but not in the messages so I wasn't sure. . thank you for letting me know
Mah boy~
Oof
\>"And you're the last I need.". . \>Cue boss.
you know how it is
Five nights at Asgore
Y'know that kinda makes me wonder what kind of soul colour thing the OMORI cast has
Two boys: >!they both helped in murdering something but they get forgiven so I guess they're okay!< myeh have a nice next twenty four hours on the planet we call Earth, good day
Clever!
I feel like if they did meet, the two would get along well
How do we know he isn’t just gonna try to rip the poor flower boy’s soul out like what he did to the last human that came along
maybe after they escape the underground
I’m assuming this is after they escaped the underground.
holesum ❤
I WANNA DRAW THEM TOGETHER NOW,,,,
If you do I would love to see it!
!!!!!
I love it
thats...actually really sweet, I DONT HAVE MY WHOLESOME AWARD REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Just got one from a free box thingy, REEEE no more! Lol. . (I was gonna give it anyway, but found this and just HAD to make a dumb reply)
BEST POSSIBLE CROSSOVER INTERACTION!!!
>!why hasn't this been crossposted to r/Undertale yet!<
>!it has been!<
Wholesome moment
WOOOOO
my fav and my second fav.  . thank you  .   . edit: also nice attention to detail with the text fonts, dude
How did i never see this? They're a perfect match lmao
We are reaching wholesome levels that should not be possible
Oh awesome! Its my two favorite characters from my favorite games! One that ive played and the other that ive only watched gameplays of-
Who is the child and what is he from?
He is from OMORI
Thank you.
A flower
Thank you so much for this gift
PhoenixWrightFansFtw became **FURIOUS**
And they both disappeared
Honestly, I can see this happening. Lol, it's cute.
Adorable duo
Omori would actually work as an animation. It doesn't rely on its medium like Undertale does.
Undertale was cool before turning cringe, and we both know why that community is weird now... Thats all I'm saying.
But i probabilly wouldn't dodge a third arm coming from a kids mouth after blocking his other 2 arms, and the human attacking again is the undertale equivalent of just growing another arm to attack
cursed
I don't know how that would work though.. . In Undertale, you would need to go through several of his attacks and dodge them until he fell asleep so you could hit him. Here in Omori there aren't really any battle systems like this so what could there be?
depression him and he will flee
brilliant
He will run like a lost soul
Woah it's Sansundertale, I bet he's gonna say the funny thing
Quick, get out before we end up like the Undertale fandom
I would say that no fandom would ever reach the depths of the Undertale fandom, but I did say it in the beginnings of the FNF fandom, and nowadays that fandom makes the Undertale fandom look like the Kirby fandom.
I'm curious. I was in the Undertale fandom when it was most active but I don't recall anything particularly horrendous, but it's commonly labelled nowadays as the worst fandom to ever exist. What actions warranted such a description?
It’s the “We Must Hate The Popular Thing” effect. The fandom was never really any worse than any other of comparable size, but people hated Undertale because it was popular. So they picked out the worst bits of the fandom and complained about it because it’s easier to do that than criticize the game. . . Not that complaining about a fandom is some kind of abhorrent sin or anything, but to an outside observer all they see are people outside the community pointing out it’s worst aspects.
There was a literal murder attempt because someone didn't like an artist shipping certain characters. Also countless death threats to countless creators who did seemingly innocent things like voicing a character a certain way, making a crossover animation, or making a theory about one of the characters.. . Not even FNF or MCYT has gotten to the levels of actual attempted murder.
That’s a nice argument. Why don’t you back it up with a source?
[ (first result after searching "undertale murder attempt"). . [(first result after searching "undertale markiplier death threats"). . [ (description used to say "please stop sending me death threats over this animation"). . [ (3rd result after searching "undertale fandom toxicity towards matpat"). This one doesn't explicitly state "death threats", but at the very least the first 2 should make this clear enough.. . Note that this was the Undertale fandom at it's peak in roughly 2016. It has since calmed down from there and is not nearly as toxic as it once was. My point here is that there are very, \*very\* few fandoms that go as far as to have someone actually attempt murder and have this many death threats sent to people. Hopefully no other fandom will ever actually get to the level that Undertale was at with regards to toxicity.
Kirby fandom is still shit from my experiences
What’s wrong with it? I love Kirby but I never really took part in the fandom
full of controlling people
Oh
Undertale representative here:. . Yep, our reputation has been destroyed :(. . I haven't been in the Undertale fandom for a lot of the drama, but I see why it's so controversial on the outside, despite being pretty chill nowadays lol :D
[\>undertale - red]()
BOTW fans when they hear a piano:. . Undertale fans when they hear a piano:
*Yume Nikki* is certainly an influence but--and I don't mean to be rude--I think you may only think it's particularly similar to *Undertale* and *OFF* because all of these games also draw a lot from *EarthBound*. I'm sure there's at least some cross-talk there, but *OMORI* doesn't really strike me as much like either *Undertale* or *OFF*. Very different thematically from either.
I'm talking about the characters not the game itself.
Well yes, but I was responding to the other person who replied to you.
Omori gave me some feelings which felt pretty similiar how Undertale had made me feel, but I still think this is mainly because both games draw so much inspiration from EarthBound. It's great though, I love all of these games!
Yeah, I’m not really seeing the connection between Undertale and OFF either
After Undertale and Omori, I'm seriously considering Earthbound. Is it that scary? One look at  the Gygas bossfight was enough to send me running but after Omori I may have the courage to try again. Are there any themes/scenes that are scarier than Omori?
hey, i know this is 2 months late, but it's not that scary imo! there's one scene other than the final boss that's pretty scary, but it's more tame than what was in omori. . . the majority of the game is more funny/quirky. i highly recommend it, especially if you liked undertale and omori!
Of course it beat Undertale in reviews. I haven't seen a single person who dislikes Omori, but Undertale was sorta controversial.
Wait why was Undertale itself controversial?? . . I mean I understand *the fandom* being a huge mess but that’s not a reason to criticize the game itself, even if it can sour one’s opinion on it
Yeah. All games are vulnerable to review bombing.
Exactly. But I'm sure that didn't stop some people.
The fandom, that's it. People literally getting mad because a video game is popular. It's crazy.
Wait until Omori receives the same treatment
Nah it's nowhere near as big. The omori fandom already screeched out when some big youtuber wanted to play it so the connection there is lost. "Don't stream/play Omori" is the message they all sent out so :)))))))))))))))
Fuck that, I stream that shit on hits of LSD. now I'm so committed to doing it that way and won't play/progress till I trip again
Oh my word. I'm genuinely curious on how this went for you if you completed it.
It was a wonderful experience. I did finish it, I made it a goal to only play while dosed so it took a little bit but yeah, it was a fantastic journey tbh
Hm
Afraid that's gonna be a while fnf is getting that rn
nah nah nah omori can't get the same treatment as undertale fandom legit omori can't just can't. if theres like some messed up shit like on a new type of level like omoris jumpscare but omori fandom shit messed up or something god damn that's my worse nightmare other then something
All the og's need to stick together, keep out the toxic haters
contrarians
I can see (albeit I also have) some issues with undertale as a game. While the combat system was innovative and great for storytelling, it got pretty boring quickly on following play throughs, which is a death sentence for most JRPGs. The fact it didn’t kill undertale entirely speaks volumes for the rest of the game, though.
Undertale is only good if you like the characters imo, the reason it got so popular is because a ton of people liked the characters, if you don’t, then undertale can come across as a generic “friendship good” game
I thought Undertale was interesting because it challenged completionist-type players who like to see all the endings, among other things.. . >!Because completing a Genocide Run essentially “taints” one’s game with Chara’s spirit, any pacifist run done afterwards is [ruined by Chara’s presence.]() The game remembers what you did previously and there’s consequences for it, which means if you wanna see everything there is to offer, you gotta be willing to hyuck up your game… which I think is cool.!<. . I also just like the idea in general that killing things has consequences. Undertale isn’t unique for that, but it’s one of my favorite tropes. I always wonder about what the fantasy enemies are doing in their spare time while they wait for the heroes to show up, so it’s nice when it’s addressed in neat ways.
accidentally deleted my reply (said my main gripe with undertale was that the combat got bad after your first playthrough) but i think the worst part of the game in general is that it isn't very repayable. you beat it 3 times and then maybe look at all the easter eggs for yourself if you really want too, which isn't too bad but still the main downside.
I don't get what you mean. You say "it isn't very replayable", right before admitting there's enough content for 3 seperate playthroughs. . . . Am I missing something?
The same complaint can be levied against omori tbh. I don't really get it. Replayability is more of a plus than a necessity for narrative driven games.
the thing about omori though is that a lot of things are completely optional and by doing all of them you've already spent 100+ hours on the game, although undertale has hardly any option on what you do and is very linear and short
I guess it specifically isn't as replayable gameplay wise, kinda like Portal and other puzzle games since most fights can be solved the exact same way every time with ease. I don't really care to argue so if you have any other counter to that keep it to yourself.
Undertale is brilliant, but it has its flaws.. . What the original poster is probably trying to say is, once you beat all 3 playthroughs, there is absolutely NOTHING left to discover. You know the charm that makes Undertale Undertale.. . Another flaw that I had with Undertale was the graphics which weren't exactly the best in my opinion.
That doesn't make sense either. . . > once you beat all 3 playthroughs, there is absolutely NOTHING left to discover. . I mean ...yeah? When you go out of your way to experience all the content a game has to offer - there will be no more new content to experience by the time you're done with the game. That's not something exclusive to Undertale - that's just how consuming any media (or anything, frankly) goes.. . I have no idea how this is being framed as a negative. It's literally a "you-can't-have-your-cake-and-eat-it" scenario. . . Moreso, it's like going to a dinner party where everyone is being offered a singular piece of cake, then eating three pieces in a row before pointing at your empty plate and saying "Why isn't there anymore cake?". Like, mate - you've eaten three times the amount anyone else got. You're really gonna complain about not having a fourth? [There is no such thing as an eternal cake.](). . I've gotten too hung up on this cake allegory. Moving on.... . > You know the charm that makes Undertale Undertale.. . This seems like a different criticism altogether - one I don't think really has any bearing on replayability. . . You could argue that each separate route doesn't have enough new/different content to distinguish themselves from the other routes. I mean, I'd personally disagree with you if you did think that (the OP for the comment I was originally replying to just did, I think) - but you could certainly make a case for it.. . But if your point really is "The game loses its charm after you beat all three routes" then I don't particularly think that's a problem with the game per se - I think that's just largely you getting bored with the game after playing it three times in a row lol.. . > Another flaw that I had with Undertale was the graphics which weren't exactly the best in my opinion.. . Can't blame you there. While I personally reckon the art-style is utilised well enough (and expresses enough personality for the characters and yadda yadda etc etc) - it is definitely a 'simplistic retro-style' sort of artstyle that a bunch of indie RPGs use nowadays. I can see how it can turn one off, pretty much.. . ^^holy ^^wall ^^of ^^text, ^^batman!
The closer I am to death after playing a game, the more I get for my money’s worth.
What exactly doesn't make sense? The thing that makes Undertale good is the meta behind it and the fact the game knows it's an RPG. Take it away and you have a very bland experience.. . In comparison to OMORI, you may beat both routes and still find easily accessible secrets.
Well I personally quite liked Undertale’s story, characters, soundtrack, and sense of humour too, but lets apply your logic here to Omori. . The best thing about Omori is the story and characters, take those away and you’re left with a pretty generic indie rpg, and the RPG part of Omori was significantly less interesting then Undertale’s
OMORI can hold its ground without the story and without the characters. The RPS battle mechanic is interesting and unique and provides for fun battles, even when the bosses lack in difficulty.
Bro there are so many endings . The main three are cool yeah but the neutral route has so many variations . And there are things that change after repeating certain routes too
Good point, actually one that changed my stance on this matter.
Also hard mode is a thing which is cool. So yeah
The thing is that hard mode is of the same length as the demo, so I'm not sure if it checks out.
It is yeah, but it’s still a fun additional thing you can do
There is also the lack of the hard mode, felt just lazy to throw some in there and never finish it
Ah yes, the story based touching RPG that has major themes about NOT changing shit and leaving people happy is bad because it has bad replayability?
never said it was bad whiny ass
Sadly because of how human psychology works a lot of people are going to conflate those feelings, and the fandom being controversial means the game will be too.
The fact that you’re downvoted for just sharing an opinion. I love Undertale. It’s probably one of my favorite games of all time, and I see nothing wrong with what you said lol
oops deleted b4 seeing this
But the combat is better than OMORI lmfao
kind of agree, but i just wish it had a bit more strategy other than just attack or do one action
its boring
How exactly is it trash? Could you please tell?
I thought the gameplay was fun but the story was meh
I think it's because Undertale has more mysteries that haven't been fully solved while omori comes in with mysteries hitting with the hardest answers making the game more suspenseful, but it's only a guess cause I'm only saying this from watching how other people play the game plus it could be vice versa if I'm being honest cause to me both games are good
undertales message is stupid
Undertale is no more! /s
It really isn’t that big of a deal, not everyone is going to know about Dishonored. I would say that you were right, that Undertale is probably more well known, this chart was just based on reviews. Dishonored is 9 years old now, so it is not unreasonable what you thought.. . Edit: Almost completely screwed this comment up by writing it is a big deal, instead of isn’t. Whoops!
Oh, that makes sense. Ive only been into gaming for round 5 years and never really got into rpgs. Never even played undertale, omori was really all that caught my eye. Ik other old games but never even heard of dishonored
Understandable, I am the same way. Never played Undertale, haven’t played Omori yet because it isn’t on console yet.
it surpassed undertale?. #IT SURPASSED UNDERTALE?!
Omori being more popular than Undertale seems insane considering how (relatively) chill the fandom is. . Either that or my standards have changed since the days of Undertale
It's based on reception rather than the number of people who've played it I think.
casual oneshot/omori enjoyer
oneshot... haven't seen anyone talked about it since the like 2 years
That game spread pretty far and then it stopped with the end of Markiplier’s playthrough of the game. Nico isn’t going to be saved, unfortunately.
Its not that its necessarily more popular, its that the ratio of positive to negative reviews are much better.. . Oh and it has enough reviews to constitute its position.
This is due to the combination of Omori's overwhelmingly positive reviews and its very healthy fanbase.. . I hope the fanbase continues to be like this :)
It isn't more popular just has better reviews ig
seeing omori above undertale made me happy and sad at the same time... i love omori and undertale equally, and i think they're good in different ways.
Don't be sad. Here's a [hug!]()
good bot
good bot
Worst bot
From what I've seen, Omori has beaten Undertale on every list they share, actually.
Not sales
For now!
As someone who enjoys both games a lot I have to say, deserved. I still prefer Undertale combat, aswell as the option to spare people. Also Undertales funny parts are better on average than Omoris. Also I love the amount of easter eggs.. . In more or less every other category Omori would take the win (however its hard to compare the two, they are pretty different in the end). . Oh and art style is tied because I can't decide
metacritic
Is it because I'm tired, or did it surpass Undertale.  . . . Fucking Undertale
Undertale is pretty controversial
How?
fandom wise- undertale is a mess, they went out of there way to harassed someone because they said sans would lose in a fight against a Touhou character
That's the stupidest shit I've ever read, and I had to laugh at it
Sad but it’s true, I’m not shitting you, they pitched yukari vs sans, yukari won, undertale fans got pissed, the video got deleted along with the channel because of said harassment.
YOOO OMORI BEAT UNDERTALE
Omori being above Undertale is REALLY serious stuff.. . And accurate, in my opinion.
IT PASSED UNDERTALE?
YOOOO LETS FREAKING GOOO! Oh and it also passed Undertale somehow? Ah well 2 of my fav indie games on top 6 les goooo!
Honestly?. Omori deserves to beat undertale in my opinion. And I absolutely love undertale. But every single aspect of omori matches undertale, with the only exception being the combat. The combat of undertale is much more fun that the combat of omori. But the music of omori is on par with undertales, the writing and story are far more relatable on a personal level, the game is way longer, has a lot of replayability, and most of omori’s endings are phenomenal. Undertale is cool and all but holy fuck I doubt anything will surpass how I felt during the sunny route bad ending
It beat undertale lmao
I love how comments are surprised Omori surpassed Undertale but here I am giggling that dishonored sits right between them.
Wooooaaaoooaaoooooooooooooooo. Story of undertale
Is Omori or Undertale cuter?
Better than undertale confirmed 😳😳😳
holy hell it beat undertale LOL
I think Terraria is way overrated. This is just my opinion, but the whole 10 hours I spent on this game made me wanna do something else instead of that. The graphics and gameplay are just so… ordinary. I would rather have Undertale in the top 6 than that game, and I am not a huge fan of Undertale.
Prob just your personal preference - I have over 300 hours on Terraria and it's def in my top 5 games of all time
Everyone's taste on game is not the same at you, and none of both is objectly right. . Not every game is for every one.
Thus the “this is just my opinion”
Ah yeah, fair. I guess I found ur words a bit harsh.
I bet it was the cave bats
About 10% those flying fucks
Undertale is right below it.
Everyone talkin bout undertale but how new Vegas 10th place?
Lower than stick of truth?
How tf did we pass undertale
The bastards actually did it. they beat Undertale
He’s gonna play Niko in the Undertale movie
Nope he’s gonna play doom guy’s bunny in the ultrakill movie
MF doom in the Fortnite movie
Omori undertale crossover when
Undertale
huh
Undertale and YIIK weren't RPG maker either.
It entirely rides off of what Undertale was, but managed to be worse than Undertale in almost every aspect, the characters are way less charming, it's tries desperately to be as funny as Undertale was but falls flat on its face. It's also horribly paced imo. . Never played Yiik so I have no opinion
Weird, I have pretty much the opposite opinion. I think Undertale feels like just a precursor to what Deltarune is becoming- which makes sense given that Deltarune was the one Toby thought of first and Undertale was sort of made as a proof of concept for it.. . The characters in Deltarune are much more nuanced and complex, in particular I think that given there's a core cast of main characters that you aren't constantly shifting through (Susie, Ralsei, Kris and maybe Noelle) means those individual characters get more time to shine and can be more nuanced, where as in retrospect a lot of the characters in Undertale can feel a bit two note in comparison. Humor is of course subjective but I laughed way more at Deltarune's more laid back sense of humor, where as Undertale's bits often went on just a bit too long.. . Plus the combat and graphics are just like, objectively better. Having three party members makes for much more interesting tactical gameplay and environments are much prettier and more consistent overall.. . Most of all, while Undertale's message is... Nice, and the importance of being kind is a pretty timeless message, I'm way more interested in the meta elements of Deltarune's story- the themes of player vs protagonist and the amazing amount of Kris's real personality Toby is able to show just through other characters reactions and stories. And I think Spamton is more interesting than Sans don't @ me.
better than any undertale au
Don’t act like it isn’t just underswap
I haven't read it either I just recognized the quote because a person referenced quotes from that book in an undertale video essay.
Me2
Nice 👌
Yoo it's spamton undertale from \[BIG SHOT\] 1997 !!!
You forgot undertale and Stardew valley
=)
=>
=3
=0
=/
=P
=Þ
(>={)

;p
ヅ
=(
\]{
%$
0:
€= **FETCH ME SOULS**
\*COD Zombies Round Start OST\*
ᕦ(ò\óˇ)ᕤ
]=)
..
the manic expression relived my memory of choices i indefinitely regret
just delete system\information\962 and 963 lol. . &#x200B;. . &#x200B;. . >!also known as how to become above consequences !<
‘Do you think you are above consequences?’. . Yes I fucking do.
Prepare for unforeseen consequences
puts it back in
Not even Omori has this range of expression!
I can see the immense amount of time and effort  it took to make each expression, so well thought out, so unique
Thank you.
before clicking: haha, cuz frisk is always -- so it’ll all be the same face, i get it already. . after clicking: yep, just as i thou—wait
One of these things is not like the other!
Thanks I guess lol
one of these is not like the others
The impasta
here i go again
This is accurate
they're furious icon should be >:l and they're sad icon should be :v
missed opportunity to make miserable or furious give a shadow covering their eyes like kris' hair does-  . . . great art, by the way!
My favorite emotion --
Pfft, -\- is better.
Manic one is sus
Ahhh so that's why he was having a hard time hitting those slashes on sans
so expressive! i cant believe you were able to capture their emotions so perfectly! i applaud
There is one imposter among us
I think Chara might have slipped in there
I mean a thumbs up when happy and a thumbs down when sad would be a different cool concept. Still this is amazing
There is an imposter among us
"Hahaha funny joke-. . Oh. . OH.'
"Hahaha funny joke-. . Oh. . OH."
turns out Chara is actually good but frisk is the fucked one. also like how frisk doesn't change expression with different emotions
Perfect
IMO the manic expression should be called "Manic?" Just to fit the actual emotion Frisk is portraying.
lol
Please the manic one 😭
This is the funniest version of the emotion chart I've seen
frisk gaming
This is way creepier than I imagined
So expressive! (On a serious note love what you did for maniac)
That was about what I expected from Frisk.
Perfect
Perfection...just perfection
can relate
Love how Manic is the only state in which Frisk's face changes
*Megalo Strike Back but on violin intensyfies*
Do you know where the blank formate of this?
I just searched "emotion chart omori template" lol
=)
Very accurate
Manic seems… off, you should change it
I like how you only changed one
crewmate:there is a impostor amogus
Ngl frisks miserable face is kinda out of character
Perfection
Looking at any othe emotion: Yeah I see.. . Looking at manic: AAAAAAAAAAAA-
--
The very definition of Sus
cool!
There's a whole gender thing that happened in r/undertale a bit back, but in my opinion I keep it canon, and I mean, it's fictional characters? Why should it matter?
Yeah, this fandom is a nightmare in my opinion. One of the worst I've been in. I say that as a Sonic, Undertale, TMNT, and MCYT fan.
Preach
Sonic has some of the worst shipping discourse ever and MCYT is always stirring up drama.
Ok, worse than MCYT is a stretch. And I say this as a fellow fan. That place is a m e s s.
Never heard of it. Why is it so bad?
What's up with tnmt fans? They're just Ninja Turtles
A lot of incest.
Communities ranked by prevalence of mental illness. 1. Omori. 2. Steven Universe. .. .. .. 3. Undertale. . [source]()
>they get overly attached to their headcanons. . . . Guys....the changes has started... The gatekeeping made it worse.... We... We are turning into THE UNDERTALE FANDOM
She's the girl who inspired that one Undertale enemy I'm pretty sure
10000000000% im about to leave this sub as well. As much as I love omori. And I thought the fandom for undertale was bad
I'm tempted too honestly, this is why I like to search for smaller communities bc they're much less toxic. With this fandom I take solace in 2 facts. . 1. A lot of people say this dandom is worse, but at it's peak the undertale fandom was much worse than anything that exists today (not many go as far as attempted murder).. 2. The undertale fandom nowadays isn't nearly as bad due to most of the immature people growing up/moving on (there are still some tho).. . Well, time to start a war in the omori discord by saying "basil is straight" /j
attempted murder???
Around the height of Undertale's popularity, almost everyone was finding some new way to depict Sans or anything related to him. This included the "fontcest" ship... which ships him with his brother Papyrus. Obviously people had a problem with this. . . One artist of internet fame was an active proponent of this ship and openly defended her right to depict it. Eventually another fan allegedly gave her food with metal pins in it in an attempt to murder her over this. There was photographic evidence. . . Needless to say, incestuous ships are disgusting, but attempting murder over a work of fiction is beyond ridiculous.
jesus christ i knew about the razor cookie but didn’t know it was cause of that
Yeah, it was pretty shocking to me that it was because of this
that just means u have to play a game with the best community ever (outer wilds)
Yeah I've been searching for something like that. I've found that the OneShot community is pretty nice and wholesome. Also shoutouts to the tiny but very nice Mother: Cognitive Dissonance community.
Wait attempted murder?? What happened in the Undertale fandom??? 
Something something shipping something something needle cookie (why is it always shipping?)
Me with undertale for the longest time
Not as bad as undertale
I dunno I see people posting a lot, it’s mostly fan content though it’s not as based around the game itself as it used to be, it’s very much like the Undertale fandom in that regard
Undertale ahh dialog box
:0 Sans undertale?
r/place users when somebody completes the sprite by adding the last white pixels to the eyes (that's literally Sans Undertale you vandalized our art with Sans Undertale our character is NOT allowed to have eyes)
as an undertale fan  . . . i love AU's  . . . i want a comic of that
as undertale fan i hate AU's idk why
as an undertale fan (thats trying to get back into undertale) im pretty neutral on AUs
as an Undertale fan, I don't really care one way or the other.
Over time it’s taken less out of a story to make me cry, but only two games have made me full on ugly cry, and that’s Omori and Undertale Yellow. Honestly the night I finished omori is an unforgettable experience.
That’s…kinda the point, i think…? I’ve always felt the Sans fight was designed to be one giant flip on the whole mechanics of the game. all throughout genocide, you learn that HP is usually the biggest factor between a powerful enemy and a weak one, so when Sans comes in, considering you killed EX in a single shot, you still expect a fight, but not one that isn’t similar to the Undying fight, then he attacks BEFORE you get a turn, and uses his strongest attack FIRST just to add salt to the wound. When you finally get around to attacking him, instead of taking the hit, he dodges, even winking. . . Meanwhile, his attacks are some of the hardest in the game, despite his 1 damage, because there’s no real way to understand what just happened when you first get to a attack, his attacks are unorganized, platforming challenges in a game where your hitbox usually floats. He messes with the soul‘s gravity too. All the while you get hurt for every single frame you‘re in one of his hitboxes. . . Then his ultimate attack is to fucking sleep, figuring that the entire battle system has been on a trust system, he just never lets his turn end. This would’ve, in theory, worked, but through one of the most clever scenes in the game, you MOVE the bounding box to hit the fight button, and when Sans dodges, you attack AGAIN, finally getting the final swing in.. . Sans’ entire fight is designed to flip a concept of a superboss on it’s head, whilst still making it tough as nails, it isn’t your strategy being testing, like what you would think in a RPG game, it’s your skill, and THAT is clever. It also served as a good way to mess with people with the gaster blasters and shit. . . “OH MAH GOD SANDS KNOWS GASTAH!!111?//?1!” - every undertale fan when Gaster and Gasterblasters were first discovered.
What are you talking about, Undertale barely came o- 7 YEARS!?
WE’RE OLD!?!?!
Yup

Good games never get old
I seriously cant accept the fact that sans is someone's childhood, it feels like undertale were just released yesterday
Hard to believe undertale came out that long ago now 😩💀
fr though, in one way it feels like just a year ago or something but to me at least it also feels like such a classic that it must've been around longer than this?
Kid named sans undertale
Unpopular opinion: *I hate Sans Undertale.*
HOLY SHIT ITS SANS UNDERTALE
Undertale and omori fans are the same I'm convinced
OH MY GOD THATS ALL OF MY FANDOMS!!! DELATARUNE UNDERTALE OMORI HOLLOW KNIGHT RTWGWYHWDVJDBD
Tbh that box fight in undertale is so very cool that I don't consider it little
its the same reason why undertale has some console exclusive stuff like mew mew in the switch version and the dog shrine being different in every port
My brain wants there to be seven portraits/photos so I can make an Undertale reference.. . Anyway.... . NOOOO YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO OBEY ME. . The 6 OMORI portaits:
That's the Main protagonist of the game Escaped Chasm, a short RPG game made by Temmie Chang, Undertale's primary artist.
psyculturalists does the same thing with the whiteboard lol. His Undertale playthrough was 16 hours long iirc
undertale x omori real
 the woman repeller references femboy undertale, best day of my life!
And undertale doesn’t have this shit yet-
I think it's because Undertale's story revolves mainly around video game mechanics
🤨
Something's wrong?
Wasn't that one of the kickstarter goals when it was first started by Toby Fox? I wonder what happened to those books
>!The bad ending of OMORI connects to the begining of UNDERTALE!<
falling down...
7734
r/unexpectedsabaton  . But I have to continue so.... . The wheel kept turning  . Ages came, time passed us by
Close
why do i see a fucking undertale reference in everything now
what!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
[yknow if you reload in the judgment hall?]()
I DIDNT KNOW THAT LMAOO
well it makes sense a bit because you can name frisk in undertale
Ackshually, you can name Chara, not Frisk ☝️🤓
i named the fallen child poop without realising its permanent (kinda)
Chara from undertale doing some possession
They've come to punish you for slaughtering everything in Headspace
Chara no evil
I bought the Undertale art book before and it's way cheaper than this and that's considering my country's currency is suffering from heavy inflation. Either it's pretty big compared to the Undertale one or something else is included with the art book.
Yeah exactly and I’m just saying Toby totally could’ve squeezed the money out of the fan base because they would’ve bought it anyway but he isn’t that type of person honestly mad respect for Toby Fox
With the following Toby Fox has, he can sell a toenail for 1000$ and people will buy it.
The OMORI book is about 100 pages more than the Undertale one, but it's still triple the price despite that
there’s literally boss fights and other rooms that are exclusive to the undertale console edition
Undertale let’s play
how everytime matpat sees a pixelated game he compares it to undertale
sans undertale
She also has blue eyes (or contacts)
[right]()
True
Sexy sans undertale
sans undertale
I don’t think omori and undertale are that similar? They have a similar appeal but there’s a lot of differences. Is this tweet actually abt omori?
we don't know what it's about. i think the reason people are saying omori is because toby and omocat have both worked on a lot of projects together (including contributing to each other's games), and the tweet was made 2 months before omori's kickstarter came out.. . deltarune has started to get a bit darker in its story with the snowgrave route, plus undertale has always had darker elements + mental health elements to it as well, so i wouldn't be surprised if the tweet was about omori. but of course there's still a big chance he was just talking about something else.
Ohh interesting. Ty
WAIT A MINUTE, this is not a Undertale subreddit
Sans Undertale
. . \* heya kid. must‘be been nice living in that little bubble you had there.
human, I remember your sister
human... i remember you're hikikomoris.

Yo it’s my art! 
Great job I find it funny and silly
Thanks 
Its a masterpiece truly peak art i've never seen something so.... beautiful
delete this /j
No :3
Why
/j
human… I remember that the undertale/deltarune brainrot is slowly seeping in and we must repress the truth

OH MY GOSH IS SANNSY
His full name is omori sans undertale the 3rd
undertale: am i a joke to you?
Toriel from undertale
Undertale is also depressing, so bad examples really
Sure, being trapped in a play-game of an ultrapowerful and cruel being from another dimension, being forced to repeatedly suffer physically and emotionally for an eternity of your existence until you'll be forgotten and erased doesn't sound depressing at all, just a bit sad.
The way Omori gets treated by the fandom sometimes reminds me of how the Undertale fandom treats Chara, especially at the fandom's peak in 2016-ish. (spoilers for Undertale) >!People really took their "demon that comes when people call its name" line literally.!<
Least ignorant Chara defender:. . The game's plot is litteraly their fault
Really late but so true, Chara is only ever seen in an ambiguous or malicious context
"Omori is Undertale but for mentally ill people."
Undertale is Undertale for mentally Ill people
Deltarune is Undertale for mentally ill people 2
☠️
huge fan of both games and the fact that this is still a thing thats said is just bizarre. they have vastly different gameplay and story. literally the only similarity is that theyre rpgs with pixelart.
this one is true though. . and Undertale is just Earthbound for gay people
what did gay people do to you to deserve being called undertale fans
mettaton made me gay I have no shame
True, except undertale is also for mentally Ill people
This game being compared to undertale.
mainly the amount of people  who only look at it through its similarities to undertale
Oneshot pfp!
ONESHOT PFP = instant upvote, no matter the post
Undertale rip-off
People calling it “emo undertale”
Undertale fans: 
I would like to go off topic just to say, that I started to love Omori even more, when i learnet about the >!WTF!< value and random events.  I never played EarhBound sadly, so I can only pair it to (of course) Undertale level of details.
It's cool, I love Undertale too. I didn't know omori also has a wtf value, definitely looking forward to it for the next playthrough
Woops, sorry for semai spoiler. Or not a spoiler idk.. It just adds a bit more randomness to it all
No need to apologize 👍
Flowey Undertale. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Jk 🇧🇷
my country!!
Lol nice
y
Oop
mfie
Sans Undertale
Not to mention Yakuza, Undertale, pretty much most Indies and JRPGs
As an casual man who played the undertale pacifist(not the other route). I agree.
At least some have the decency to watch a proper full let's play then lol
Undertale would be the top one here. Several top quality content fan artists never even played the game.
it's an undertale fan project I think
It happens with a lot of Undertale artists on I find on tumblr/deviant art where their account is gone.
Yeah, or Deltarune, which started development in 2016, then Undertale blew up that same year, making the team try to make the game better than Undertale was (percieved*) to be. . But hey, Deltarune is coming up pretty good and Silksong is planned to come out before june next year! Let's just hope they actually get some coders for Omori 2, since afaik Omori started only with 1 artist with no videogame experience and 2 musicians with no videogame experience lol. . *I do not, at all mean Undertale was bad, just that the fandom got a bit too excited with it. Now when going back it has aged, albeit a little bit
Hey you're that one r/undertale user
Sans undertale
Hey Undertale fandom is chill nowadays
“Nowadays”
Well yeah we all know what it was like in 2016
It was like ‘That fandom’ for like half the decade.
It's past half a decade
aha, sum kid in the undertale discord server told me to kms for making a joke
If you didn't specify which fandom, I wouldn't have been able to guess.
why were you in the undertale discord, traitor, get him out of here tomorrow youll wake up in my basement 
On it 🫡
As a nowdays undertale fan, you're mostly right.
Yeah. The fandoms I said isn’t to plan anyone who likes those things in a bad light. I just mean that if you compile up the insane/horrible things that have happened in fandoms those have a lot of infamous ones
What are some of these things youre mentioning?
As a member of the Undertale fandom I agree kinda sorta
bullshit
Pardon me while I psychology all over you.. . If you make a game that resonates with a lot of people, you attract a few crazies.. . AAA games don't have unhinged fandoms because they always go for broad appeal. This in turn creates a fandom that's so massive that you might not even notice the crazies.. . Indie games on the other hand... they more often than not appeal to VERY specific demographics. So in those fandoms the crazies are a lot more apparent, and a lot more vocal.. . That's how you get things like Undertale's Needle Cookie incident.
I love when my psychiatrist says "psychology" and psyches all over the place
I love when my psychiatrist says "psychology" and psyches all over the place
sans undertale
I was in the Danganronpa fandom. . . Remember SU fandom? That fandom was normal compared to the Danganronpa one. Even Undertale was better.. . Let me say what ruined that fandom: ships. Ships ruined the Danganronpa fandom. I am a shipper, but I never attacked someone over a ship unlike the other 80% of that fandom. If you didn't ship homossexual couples, you were the most homophobic person in the world. What??? You don't ship Komahina? You should kys. I'm a Komahina shipper and most of the people who shipped them were like this. Everything was dealt with doxing and death threats.. . Yaoi made a big part of that fandom. But not in a healthy or even funny way. People really liked toxic stuff, straight up abuse even.. . Have you heard of the Danganronpa Discourse fandom? People were crazy! I'm talking about 15-year-olds making posts about how to be ethical and morally correct, when they are so young and don't even know how the world around them works. Hell, even some of their takes were really really bad. I'm not going to even mention what happened in 2019, because I don't know how to put spoiler tag in Reddit phone.
He browsed too deeply when searching undertale.
It's rare, but normal. . . Think of it like seeing the Gaster room in Undertale
YOU'RE UNDERTALE!?!?
Holy fucking shit its ralsei underman!!!!!!!!!!!
So highhhh
HIGH,HIIIIGH
OH MY GAWD ITS TOBE FUX!!!1!!!1!
ORMG TOBB FAXE!!!!!!!?!!!!!???!!!
correct
Gaster is like 1 in 1000 this is 1 in 13
Gaster is like 1 in 50 per save its not that rare
To have a chance to encounter gaster you need a fun value of 66 which is 1 in a 100, and when you do have a fun value of 66 he only has a 10% chance of appearing
Windy landscape sucks
ok
Oh I was in the stream where he said that! Near the end of undertale genocide right? That's definitely what made me think to buy it, that and the UT speedrunning fandom I dabbled in a month before that was super into it
I just heard that omori is similar to my other favorite game, Undertale, so i decided to check it out. Long story short omori is now my 2nd favorite game
My friends pointed me to the steam page saying "Hey it's a great little game. We know you love Undertale so you'll love this.". . They then told me to completely ignore the "psychological horror" tag, and I'm glad I did.
I heard about on a random thread in r/undertale and played it when it came to Xbox gamepass
I can’t pinpoint an exact time but sometime in February or March of 2021 I heard of it. I think I saw a few videos of it in my recommendations, but I was heavily into Undertale and wasn’t looking to find anything new at the time. I was also watching Merg, because I was into Undertale XD.. . Around April or May of the same year, I see Merg released an episode on Omori and I end up watching the video. The game seemed awesome  and ended up becoming my new obsession by like June/July. My love for the game hasn’t died down since
I was browsing the new releases on Xbox game pass and I see this game called omori. I was like “this look pretty pail for cover art” I look at the game and it was recommended by Undertale players and this was around the time I got done with undertale. So I was like ya sure I’m down for another rpg. Downloaded it didn’t touch it for a month or two. Then I see it got a age rating to rated M and I thought that was weird. So went into the game completely blind and had ptsd, a couple buckets or tears and a new fan base I can find cool people on. So… ya I like this game 
I wanted to play something like Undertale but with more fucked up and disturbing parts and ended up here lmao
i started getting into undertale content on youtube and i got an omori analysis recommended to me and it just kinda snowballed from there
I watched youtubers play Undertale then it got recommended to me.
I was looking at games like Undertale on steam and found it, didn't have enough in my account to buy it, then saw Merg had started playing it on yt about an hour later.
Steam recs as being close to Undertale and played by an acquaintance. Also recommended by said acquaintance.
I saw a post on Ifunny comparing it to Undertale a week or so after it came out.
I don’t know, it’s worrying. When I joined this fandom early last year it was much more chill. I fear that we might end up like undertale
*please don't, I love this game. oh no...*
Same . . I love this game and fandom. Literally my favourite of all time. Don’t kill it via stupidity
*at least its not going to get au-ed to the ground*. . *r-r-right?*
I mean there are lots of fan fics, but they ain’t “AUs” in the undertale sense (and most of them are actually good reads tbh)
*thank god*
Maybe there is still hope
I'm hoping we see more aus that act like alternate histories, like differences happening because of people's actions, instead of the universe itself turning wacky.
Well, it does have a lot of AUs in the sense of fanfics, but they are far better-written than Undertale AUs. [Here’s a list I made of good OMORI AUs]().
As an undertale fan, if this does happen, then not all hope will be lost. Look for the creativity in the shadows.
can we please stop with the whole “nooo we are gonna be undertale fandom!1!1!1” Its really annoying as hell. There was a Twitter thread made by Oneshot dev nightmargin expressing her frustration with this kind of saying(she was responding to a post in r/oneshot about someone worrying about the fandom ending up like UT).It was really good but unfortunately she deleted some of it.
Based. in the view of outsiders, all video game fandoms are already cringe. Nothing that we do will change how we are perceived by the world, unless we create something so good that people are positively impressed.
This sub really likes using the undertale comparison when it's convenient for them.
[is this the thread you’re talking about?]()
No but that still reflects some of the things that were in the tweet. It was a few months ago
If the fandom was gonna become like UT’s it would have already happened by now. although undertale does reference sensitive topics it’s nothing compared to omori, anyway most of the people in this fanbase are fans of Toby fox already.
Yeah the tone of the Undertale fandom did not come from Undertale.. . Homestuck was already notorious for its fandom, and even got gray/blue body paint banned at some anime conventions. . . I don’t think there is anything wrong with the AU stuff, but I think it’s more natural for Undertale to develop that since it’s original fans come from a web comic where that wouldn’t be about of place.. . I’m sure Undertale still have become popular without Homestuck, but the fan base wouldn’t be as weird.
I agree that very early on Undertale had most of its fans from Homestuck, after all Toby Fox was pretty well liked in the fandom and I was really surprised when I saw his name being talked about in other circles when the game came out.. . However you’re underestimating the sheer popularity that Undertale had when it was first released. It fucking EXPLODED. Literally all over Reddit you would see people talking about the game, in the most unexpected places. And it was all so wholesome, everyone was sharing their experiences and how it made them feel and it I think it was the best “era” of the game’s popularity, honestly. There was no hate whatsoever.. . Of course, that didn’t last long, a majority of the people who played it simply put it down and moved on, without seeking out the fandom or fan works or further discussion. But even so, the majority of people who DID stick around, weren’t in it because of homestuck, they were new.
The worst part of UT is they spoil pretty much everything on that sub..
I mean it has been like 7 years, and I’d assume that people who don’t want to be spoiled for a game, wouldn’t go on to a forum for discussing said game.
That's fair, but it's always good to remind people.. . I'm not too concerned but I'm just a messenger 
true but at the same time i still dont know that much about the general events of the mother trilogy other than the dark shit but people on those subs are somewhat decent about spoiler tags
I love undertale as a game and Toby is an amazing creator. I was just using undertale as an example that has an issue with ship wars and major infighting. These are issues many fandoms have in general
Ok, I heavily agree with that
I think Undertale’s fandom was kind of a perfect storm of:. .       1)An emotional story with lots of sensation topics.       2) A perceived “best way” to play the game. . Omori really has the first part. I don’t think people will ever be quite as adamant.. . TBH I hope this is correct because Undertale was a bit less fun with the da base surrounding it.
As someone who joined in May 1 2022, I can agree that I am worried too 
I don't want that shit to happen. This is why I don't want the game to get too popular.  Please stay underatted
Agreed
At this rate the Omori fandom will end up like Undertale sooner or later

I’m scared now
NOOOO NOT UNDERTALE PLS NO
Anytime anyone sees any shipping, people get Undertale ptsd. Which I fully understand lol
Agreed.  And also, this is nothing like undertale while we’re at it
Biggest similarities to Undertale are that it's a bit like Earthbound and Toby Fox worked on it, which doesn't really make it that similar
Toby Fox worked at Omori?
yea and woshua(an undertale monster) was inspired by omocat as seen in the credits
is this the guy who played 40 minutes and said “this is just the femboy version of undertale”
ok but that review was pretty funny
I need to know where I can find this
24 minutes, smh
crying
Are they wrong doe
True, it's not exactly wrong, maybe the unstable bit is off
"this is just the bad version of yiik"
Ah yes, Omori is clearly an Undertale clone even if the game got funded before Undertale's release.. . Also, can someone explain what the bottom left sentence is referring to?
I'm sure he still makes them on occasion, and I will admit I haven't watched his content in years. But I don't think many would deny that there was a big shift from 3/4 physics theories 1/4 lore theories to the opposite balance when he got to the big ticket stuff like FNAF, Undertale, and so on
along with the other comments a lot of his new stuff is just,,, not right yknow. like the “sans is ness” theory. undertale was inspired by earth bound and that’s it, no more, no less. was very obvious he’s just trying to get clicks at that point. . also i think around the time his content went downhill he started up film theory and one of the first ones was this harry potter one abt neville being the chosen and like,,, literally anyone who was remotely into the fandom already knew this. it was common knowledge and he was tryna package it like a brand new theory he just came up with. i used to be a fairly big fan before the fnaf stuff but all this crap put me off completely
Man sans is ness was like five years ago and he even makes fun of it sometimes.
1. (Title) Indie isn’t a diss, and “horror” is and understatement once you get immersed into the story.. 2. It’s psychological horror, it is not supposed to be scary in the very beginning.. 3. Another “indie” diss. 9. Far from truth. There are tons of dark scenes and what not.. 10. FNAF was coded in Clickteam Fusion, so what?. 11. This one is the best point but from my perspective it just adds much more content and playtime, whether people want it or not, but fair enough ig. 4. Controversy was already explained and cleared up. 5. I’m not sure what this is referring to honestly :(. 6. Honestly this one isn’t super far off but as already stated it’s a deep lore driven game which was indie as the post even states so kind of a weak argument. 7. A game dealing with serious and dark topics isn’t played by everyone. That doesn’t make it a bad game.. 8. Again not sure what “doesn’t do anything new” is supposed to mean but from what I know it’s a pretty neat concept and there aren’t many games that can be compared to omori. Further more omori was teased before undertale was released but sadly omori took much longer. I’m not sure where “undertale clone” is coming from; these games are incredibly different and just because it’s an old fashioned rpg it doesn’t automatic make it an undertale clone.. . . . Don’t hate on me I was just bored :(
4th wall breaks? Where? I’m genuinely curious. Also anyone who has an actual idea of the game knows that the comics (Omoriboy) and the game (Omori) are two different universes. Also this is just a personal opinion, but it always irks me when people bring in the creator to criticize the game. When you’re criticizing something and you can’t even separate the product from the producer, that just makes me less likely to actually take what you say into account due to clear bias. Most importantly, where in Undertale does Frisk have to overcome his guilt and and you know, face the consequences of *their* actions!? (Sorry to burst your bubble Chara/Frisk demonizers, but *you’re* the one who clicked the Fight button, not Chara or Frisk.) That seems pretty different from Undertale.. . This was clearly made by a person who randomly saw an image on a random bootleg site, and decided to make a cringy meme.
Bruh it didn’t copy undertale it was in development before undertale if I’m correct
Undertale fan here, imagine not knowing about a game genre called "rpg" that you have to call a game an "Undertale clone" even though theres nothing similar in the gameplay. Yeah, couldn't be me.
Excuse me? Another undertale clone?!. Chad and virgin memes are funny and I accept silly criticism from memes over things I like. That being said, this person probably hasn’t actually seen omori if they think it’s just another undertale clone.. I love both of these games very much, but one has definitely left more of an impact on me.
Half this stuff ain't even True, omori started development before undertale even came out, several big name youtubers have played it, and that thing about young boys isn't even sexual, it's just a boys face and the word shota, which translates directly to just young boy, and there is NOTHING EVEN REMOTELY SEXUAL ABOUT THE IMAGE I SEE THIS USED SO MANY TIMES AS A REASON TO NOT LIKE OMORI AND I STILL DONT UNDERSTAND IT
I will agree about the long and boring segments critique. When the game drags, it *really* drags. I also somewhat agree with the formula part (not an undertale clone, though). Everything else is… no.
"another undertale clone". . Looks like they didn't even play the game...
Not being played by big YouTubers is definitely a good thing, being able to play blind was pretty great, I'm grateful that I played Undertale before it exploded and I think Omori definitely benefits from not being aware of what it is fully (my boyfriend recommended Omori to me, I think he hates me lmao) remember that out of the many big horror indie games pretty much only fnaf started out as the passion project of someone, Poppy Playtime, Hello Neighbor and parts of Bendy are just painfully trying to be fnaf and even fnaf can't get that right anymore, horror can be so much more and you can do a lot more, Omori is a truly important game in the current indie scene
Undertale
Undertale.
Undertale real
A soul, so if you’ve played undertale genocide route you can’t have one.
UNDERTALE


Story of Undertale
terrible things jumpscare
Hey, Capcut isn't *that* bad
Whoa oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
I know
Undertale fans are known for twisting themself into a pretzel to deny stuff they don't like though. Look at how many people struggle with such a basic part of the plot as "chara is kind of a bad person" despite asriel saying it in plain English.
sans undertale
Undertale
Found matpat
I….idk, Undertale???
Guys guys it’s obviously Undertale🙄🙄
I guess either Undertale or OneShot
Undertale
Undertale?
Undertale obviously 
Is it undertale?
Undertale
undertale 100%
I guess its Undertale.. . (BEAUTIFUL COLLECTION BTW IT'S SO AMAZING)
THANK YOU!! :D
You're welcome, I would get so sick of money from so many products-
Undertale
Undertale
so uh that first image reminded me of this frame in Undertale Yellow. . 
DEATH NOTE! UNDERTALE! COOL WALL
My ahh smelled undertale and i wasnt disappointed 
Ok, ok but hear me out it's human size usually body pillows are human size. Also I re watched it and nice undertale Plushies
I CAN'T READ, I'M AN UNDERTALE FAN
It’s funny I didn’t have too much of an issue doing the genocide route in undertale, as a matter of fact I probably got to sans within a few hours of starting, but something about omori made me not want to ever do the hikikomori route and I stuck by that
I think it’s because sand Undertale because sand undertales eye glows when he starts going beast mode
OMG YOU'R RIGHT!!1!11!!
It's because he is Sans Undertale
Sounds more like an Undertale flavor text than an Omori one.
If Tricky Tony wrote Omori
Also known for no hitting undertale bosses!. . &#x200B;. . cherry
I thought he stopped playing because he kept treating it like it was Undertale and people got mad
That was heartbound, different game entirely
Nah, it was the Omori. His first video literally was titled “the next undertale” or smth like that
HE DID IT FOR 2 GAMES???? WHAT THE HELL
Yeah, he kept trying to find a pacifist route
He actually did it three times. . And said third game CAME OUT A YEAR BEFORE UNDERTALE WTF. . Lisa came out in 14 Undertale in 15. And are VERY different tone wise. One is about how if you stay determined you can help people and make the world a better place. AND THE OTHER TELLS YOU THAT YOU HAVE NO CHOICE IN WHO YOU BECOME AND MAKE SURE YOU DON'T PASS YOUR TRAUMA ONTO OTHERS AND MAKE THEM SUFFER TH WAY YOU DID.
Lisa is really dark. An abused and broken man abusing and hurting others. Even the humor has a negative “fuck you” edge to it.
Yeah the whole plot stems from one man hurting others, and those people going on to hurt even more.. . >!I mean Buzzo is heavily the cause of most of the problems in Olathe, but he became the man he was after being abused by Lisa, who was abused by Marty. !<
NO ONE. . GIVE MATPAT. . EVERHOOD. . he will compare it to undertale lol. . edit: its everhood not evertale im stupid
i mean its not like thats a hard comparison to make, half the soul guys literally look like gaster anyways
Merge actually compares Everhood to a lotta games, including Undertale. Fair comparison,  at least with being a bullet hell
Bro matpat has played everhood for one stream and the title was something like “Undertale x Friday Night Funkin”
also everhood (fnf + undertale)
It was 'the next earthbound' not undertale
Matpat is such a cornball sometimes god damn.
To be fair, if I remember correctly a lot of Heartbound's early advertising was around being a spiritual successor to Undertale. Granted the game is pretty distinct, but it was still very inspired by Undertale. So it's at least somewhat understandable in that case.
The problem people had, is that he didn't even credit the studio that made the game. Then got in arguments with people on twitter about it, until Toby Fox himself came in and metaphorically clowned on him.
Yikes, didn't hear about that, in which case fair enough. It's especially important that indie studios get that publicity.
Iirc his Heartbound video got Toby Fox mad enough to call him out for using Undertale as a crutch for views and not properly crediting the indie devs, which made MatPat swear off making Deltarune videos.
I can’t blame matpat for getting angry at that, getting called out by someone you respected hurts alot. But still this is such a stupid line of mistakes.
why would he stop playing because of that? at least the self harm excuse makes sense.
He was tired of all the harassment he was getting, honestly don't really blame him. While I think it was a bad title and he should have treated the game as a separate entity that doesn't justify the shit people were giving him. Especially when people used his Hollow Knight theory as justification for their actions.
As a Hollow Kinght fan, the damage he's done will never be justified.
Theories tend to help strengthen the bonds between fanbases with people thinking of what could happen next. All matpat does is separate fanbases with a lot of his theories. Undertale, Kirby, Hollow Knight, Omori, hell even FNAF. There's not a single franchise he's touched that hasn't clowned on him. . . Frankly, he should just stick to the science based theories. At least those are theoretical, and aren't trying to coerce people into thinking something that's completely wrong. Plus, he seems to have a lot more fun with those ones as well.
what damage? can you elaborate i’m always amused by the stupid shit that matpat says sometimes.
[protagonist] is [protagonist 's father]
I'm a Hollow Knight fan myself!. . Get over it.. . It was a bad theory that he recognized and apologized for. He was enthusiastic about a game and wanted to talk about it. One bad theory about a game doesn't destroy its community. Everyone knows it was a bad theory, everyone has already moved on. He didn't actually damage the community, you're just overreacting to a single YouTube video. You make the rest of the community look bad by crying about something insignificant.
Honestly that could apply to many games, this, lisa and heartbound
I mean, not anymore, matpat himself went back and said the theory was bad, but at the time? It was a pain. I personally like matpat, even if his theories are sometimes off, they're always entertaining (especially the ones with more literal approaches), but I get why people weren't happy when he went into Omori treating it like Undertale, another game that he made VERY unpopular theories about. Do people go too far though? Oh, yes, of course.
First of all, this isn't a theory about Omori, it's about Evertale (don't download it, it's just stealing ideas, sprites, from Pokemon, Omori, etc for their ads when the game is completely different from the ads). He's just promoting games that are actually worth playing. Second of all, he made a mistake comparing it to Undertale, yes, but at least he learned his lesson since he acknowledges that it's a psychological horror game, he said it himself in this video. I know we can't 100% forgive him but at least he's trying, y'know?
I want MatPat to give this game to another religious figure. Giving The Pope Undertale isn't enough
He played Omori and treated it like Undertale. He’s also made some of the worst theories like The Hollow Knight and Undertale ones. I don’t get the hate in the slightest though
So, it's the same year as Undertale took place?
wasn't Undertale 201X? I haven't played that game in 5 years but I'm damm sure it was 201X
does that mean... that undertale takes place in the same universe as omori but a few years later?
I wish.
isnt that the same time period as undertale tho
The sequences with Asriel and Chara were in the 2010s, the game itself takes place much later. (Seemingly hundreds of years, but it could be in the thousands if we take all the dialogue literally)
It's just undertale reference(jk 50/50)
Isn't that when Frisk falls to the underground in Undertale
He used to be more on analyzing the science stuff from games, but now he mostly does video game lore, aside from that his obsession with Undertale led to his lets play series being jarring because he treats other turned based RPG like f#cking undertale
I blame FNAF for the lore change
I seriously don't get the obsession with FNAF
it’s cause of bear freddy at night scary!!
I think the only reason people really care about fnaf is either the lore, cringey fnaf phase coming back, or both.
he's also this self righteous dbag, not pleasant to be around
People hate him for his ridiculous theories, giving charity to autism hate groups (he studied in neuroscience, he should have known better), and or the fact he is extremely ignorant. . . Personally, I hate him because he never learns lessons as well as that Autism hate group charity he did. In 2017 he played Lisa, a mature game, to his 9 year old audiences. During the play through he made comments comparing it to Undertale, even going as far as asking "Is this a genocide run?!", this received a bunch of angry fans from the LISA fandom. In 2019, he did the same thing with a game called heartbound where he compared it to Undertale, refusing to link the game (even when the creator asked him to), tagging the video misleadingly with #undertale #deltarune or any Toby Fox created game, he even misspelled the studio's name. When the creator called him out on this he refused responsibility claiming that what he did was not disrespectful at all, this received a bunch of backlash to him, he only truely apologized when Toby Fox came into the picture to call him out for it. In 2021 he did the same thing to Omori in which he feed his 9 year old viewers a mature game and compared it to Undertale throughout the playthrough. At this point he is trying to get people to hate him for the attention.
Yeah he does compare alot of games to undertale and did that shit, wouldn’t call gtlive for 9 yr-olds but everything else stands. (Don’t know to much about next for autism so I wont comment on that)
I said 9 year olds, because it is his target audience, I didn't mean it as everyone who watches him is infact 9 years old. I should have worded that better.
That ok, it happens
He's plating games with themes that are not suited for an audience that young, so I would love to hear your reasoning and see your proofs for that statement.
Proof for which statement? Be specific
>I said 9 year olds, because it is his target audience, I didn't mean it as everyone who watches him is infact 9 years old.. . I don't need proof that "you should have worded that better".
? Proof or no proof on my wording, I am confused ngl
Basically why do you think his audience is of 9 years old.
I believe that that is his target audience, it is pretty obvious by the way he acts, showing enthusiasm whenever he brings another topic like those kindergarten teachers; just so the people watching it can remember, his theories being ridiculous and silly to catch attention of young people with eye catching thumbnails, his videos are mostly about games that most young fans are obsessed with like Undertale and Fnaf, and looking at his comments on youtube it is clear that his fans are young.
Showing enthusiasm is not something you do only to get young people to listen. Personally, I think it's just part of his charm (or script or whatever). . As for the games he's talking about, he's generally talking about FNAF or the games that are popular at the moment. FNAF is not a game meant for children, and the popular games of the moments have an audience of, well, everyone.. . For the thumbnails, that's basically what everyone is doing, so I wouldn't say this is special. . . The youtube comments are weird for me as I don't read them a lot, but I just believe them to be form random people on the internet, not children specifically. Food Theory, one of his other channel (and the one I watch the most) is mostly about pretty adult subjects like economics, and the comments reflect that.. . Judging his audience based on that isn't good enough for me.
Not what I meant, every time he brings a new topic he makes it suddenly enthuastic, it is the same tactic teachers use for kindergarten students for them to focus and remember a task.. . I said fnaf is popular with children, yes children shouldn't play it, just like there is 10 year olds who plays omori, but it is still a thing that happens anyways. Even if it was popular at the moment, you got to remember that there is a large portion of kids in that fandom, just like Undertale.. . I say that about his thumbnail because it looks weirdly similar to 3am video thumbnails most of the time which was extremely popular for kids as well. That makes it eyecatching for kids because they will think they will hear a spooky story.. . What percentage of children wants to hear some guy want to talk about how chicken nuggets are lies and how captain crunch is a lie? We are talking about game theory, not food theory.. . Let us agree to disagree, from where I am standing it looks like his viewers and target audiences are kids to pre-teens, but from where you are standing you believe is target auidance is mature adults.
I agree, but the reason why I felt it was bad for Omori and Lisa was because he doesn't research the game before playing it at all. He only played it because it was popular, not taking in the fact that these games are extremely unfit for his target audiences. For the comparing, personally I don't care that much when people compare stuff, but he takes it to an extreme, to the point that he ignores and undermines the creators hardwork by treating it as an Undertale clone.
I think he doesn't research the game himself, a member of his team does as he said [here](). But yeah I agree, your game being taged as "The next undertale/earthbound" does suck when you are trying to create something unique.
Lest not we forget he gave a copy of Undertale to the Pope.
I-. . Why-. . I give up
This is the first time I’ve heard about this.
It's not his fault that his audience is small children. YouTube by design is supposed to be PG-13. That's what YouTube kids is for. Also he does put disclaimers when he plays mature games and stuff. It's the parents job to monitor what their kids are watching. His content isn't for kids by design It's targeted at teens 🤷‍♀️
I guess he is a youtuber, but I don’t find anything wrong with comparing all games similar to undertale with undertale. That’s personally what I do, just becuase undertale is such an amazing game
Oh, comparing it to UT is one thing, but he treats OMORI and freaking LISA: The Painful like it has a pacifist route is ridiculous, making his lets play unnecessarily long and jarring
oh I see
Yeah, but Matpat does this to the point of undermining the creator's hardwork by treating it like an undertale clone, ignoring everything that the game offers.
he supports youtubes censorship now and he treated omori like undertale and didnt want to fight stuff
I mean… I hate him for being a literal shill lol, never making an Undertale video ever since then due to argument with Toby yet perfectly fine to justify why making more FNAF videos and even trying to justify Scott’s shitty opinions and actions
He didn't really try to justify Scott's actions, he just addressed the controversy, and wished him luck on his future endeavors.
Despite the fact that matpat was dogshit at omori he also went with his usual routine of calling it an Undertale clone and streaming the game to 9 year olds who were none the wiser about omori's true nature.
The 9 years old comment is really funny for me because he's making theories on horror games all the time, so I don't really see why people are thinking that.
"he is playing the game wrong" where have I heard it before
Holy shit you've got to be joking, right?. . EDIT: I found the video, you weren't joking
Has the man played literally any JRPG ever?
Oh the same scenario happened to another YouTuber, the title of the Video even was "If you like Undertale, this game is for you!" I have no idea what the YTber's name is, but he got attacked in the comments for the comparison and didn't finish the game (maybe he did alone, who knows)
I started playing Omori with the exact same premise, if you like Undertale, you'll like this game, too. I felt bad for killing all the Sprout Moles at the start (Because I still thought you could do something as sparing them), but I felt so bad for almost all of the game for killing Ye Old Sprout. . . After that fight, I realized "No, this isn't really like Undertale" and thought about not playing it anymore, but I'm glad I sticked to it!
And everyone forgets/doesn’t know about Earthbound/Mother or SMT. The only RPG that exists is Undertale /s
Never stopped him from comparing every rpg game to Undertale
Tbh when i started on Omori i tought, oh this looks like undertale! Cool! I didnt want to kill anything bcs i was still learning the game, and when i compare something to undertale is because i really like it and is as good if not better than undertale, i really really like omori, and is very different from undertale or any other game, he got obsessed with undertale, his ness theory and etc, he really looks like one of these "dream stans" if someone did something against him or someone affiliated to him its already matter, and i personally like his food theory videos and old game theory vids, it isnt even him who does them anymore, and he really thinks like he is the best of the best, like recently the jokes with markplier like i know its just a joke but, it doesnt ring the right bell you know?
Undertale remembers (epic merg reference!!1!1!!1!)
>Both technically have a dead sibling. . Why do you assume everybody played the genocide route in Undertale? Especially given how hard Undyne the Undying is for casual players
That is Why I wrote it as a spoiler
holy crap is that sans from the famous indie game undertale?!?
No it's clearly Spamton 
Sorry for my foolishness, I should've known, but I wasn't wearing my glasses at the moment I commented
Hey your that r/Undertale user!
r/terraria
Hey your that other r/Undertale user!
Came here because the undertale sub is flooded with this💀
Too silly. Can only play Undertale (no genocide)
Can she have a little genocide? (As a treat)
Maybe if she’s good all day
Ah yes, the Undertale affect is in full swing I see. Except I don't see any pseudo sequel or spinoff happening to stimulate the fandom any time soon so we may be fucked for the long run.. . Ah well, the art's still good, and the niche Omori subs are cool too. This place wasn't exactly a shining light on the internet in the first place lmao.. . Funny a game about moving on has a fanbase with a loud minority who really can't.
Aaah that reminds me of when Undertale came out and the fandom became known as the most toxic one on the internet. So nostalgic.. . Like I often say, the more things change, the more they stay the same.
Undertale fandom has chilled out a lot since those days, hope same happens to omori
It will, it's always the same with fandoms. Kids join for a bit, fandom start becoming increasingly toxic and the quality of discourse drops. The kids grow up and start behaving more correctly. Something else become popular and the cycle continues.
The undertale fandom was primarily made up of minors, that’s why it was so toxic. When they grew up they became mature and naturally the fandom became less childish. Omori is much the same.
Ehhh a certain subsection of fandoms will always stay insane, and that's nothing compared to an assasination attempt because you disagreed with a ship anyway 
Mentally ill people do not represent the entirety of the community. They’re the exception, THANK GOD
That's all just bullshit that's talked about because of boredom, nothing actually bad is really happening (to my knowledge)
nah i’d say that even though (obviously) there are still some of them, the major proportion of that part died down so yeah
hes sand undertale💯
Sans FROM Undertale
If it does, I wonder how much new content? It may just be like Undertale and have some small new room/area and a few new character interactions.. . Edit: Also, I wonder if the game will have borders drawn by Omocat, also like Undertale… god I hope it does!!
There are? I feel like every notable boss has a Unique theme except for Robo and Mutant heart but they’re just memorable more so than important.. My hope is a switch exclusive boss fight with a new battle theme. Apparently the Switch port of Undertale also got that treatment.
It did, and the boss even utilized the idea of the switch controllers as a gimmick. . I sucked at it, but it was cool
Mutantheart feels anticlimactic.
To be fair it’s a joke fight more than anything else
shes so cute tho
Hey you're the one that made Lone digger and the Undertale covers. Great job!
i can never hate a character who upholds a personality of confidence. it's why i like mettaton from undertale, for instance.
I am *so with you,* I adore Mettaton's confidence!! 
 Undertale
I mean considering undertale yellow is on the list too telling they put every popular game is kinda wrong
i don’t mean “gaming” popular, rather popular with the people that might care about what a browser posts in its twitter account lol . . ut yellow has gotten much more popular recently and putting it in the list was the smartest choice to get a lot of “based”s from their target audience, as well as get those extra ut fans who weren’t following to do so . . opera gx has clearly always been targeted towards indie game enjoyers
I had to play something else to cure myself off Omori.  . . . Maybe I should not have picked Undertale though.
I’ve been looking for something to fill the void Omori left..... is undertale an appropriate replacement
same energy as *Undertale - Undertale OST*
I love how the piano sounds out of tune; reminds me of Falling Down from undertale.
Same lol. In my first run I didn't do it because we were doing a swap playthrough with my friend. We would bassically change who played every time we played. It was his turn and I was telling him to go down but he didn't listen. Undertale gave me that mindset
If you want to change that, you could try doing the same thing with a game you know has a secret crazy weapon and only mention it after you beat the game. If the knowledge that he missed something amazing because he didn't explore enough doesn't fundamentally change his play style in games, good for him because it can be more effort than it's worth at times and the ability to choose is always good. He'd probably be healthier to have such willpower.
Well I'll be darned, it's just undertale on steam all over again. I'm gonna go cry or smt :-:
It took me a while to realize it's from undertale
It seems like Undertale yellow but with Omori, I must try it.
Undertale yellow is kind of a prequel Au compared to this which is mostly a what if scenario au
I mean more as UTY was Undertales first fully finished fan game which took 7 years for them to finish. We currently don’t have a fully *finished* AU mod for Omori. You could count Reverie, but it’s coming out in chapters, so it doesn’t count.
Many people are already calling Rainy Mari the "Undertale Yellow" of Omori. A fangame/mod that is *so* high quality, it can easily pass off as official canon work. A fanwork that isn't afraid to tell an original story!. . There are some moments in Undertale Yellow that unexpectedly exceeded the original Undertale for me (e.g. Steamworks & the Neutral Route final boss). I'm hoping that Rainy Mari also features moments like these.. . ~~Does that mean we also have to wait seven years for the full game?~~ 
I completely agree with the quality! Graphics are like in the original gamet5\31hpy:2028. . I am sure that similar moments as in undertale Yellow will be presentt5\31hpy:2475. . Oh no! I'm not ready to wait another 7 years for this masterpiece, like we waited for Undertale Yellow...But if the development of the game takes time, then...it will be better and even better quality! ((As it was with Undertale Yellow))
Trump mentioned? Check.  . Twitter mentioned? Check.  . Union mentioned? Check.  . . . Now this mod needs something about congress, \*\*\*, and slurs and it'll be a quality AI rewritten mod.
Cough cough Undertale I think. though from my experience that fandom can be WAY WORSE than this one, hell that fandom made me not want to play the game again for a long time.
Which character?
Yes
yes, but also sans
oh oh oh oh oh oh oh story of undertale
r/suddenlyundertale
nah, those jackets are for sans undertale--
no way.... sans undertale is canon....
i was looking at everything and i love how jerry undertale is a little off
Are those the undertale tarot cards
Make him trip over a vine and fall into a mountain (Celeste or undertale)
Would be cool if they added an undertale or mother reference
That wouldn't be any good. Fandom's big enough and most of it is full of cringe crap. This is basically Undertale all over again and I don't like it.
Eh, the game deserves more recognition. As you said the fandom is already... pretty chaotic. So at least more people will know about Omori. Maybe it will even change their life as ut did to lot's of us.
More recognition? Nah, this game is kinda incredibly popular. Getting bigger sounds like even more of an issue.
There is a golden mean in popularity of media and I think Omori fits in it quite well. It's popular enough to have lots of quality fan content and it's not popular enough to gain stigma (at least for now... although I don't like the state of this sub right now ngl).. . For example, Undertale is more popular but it's also overexposed and toxic and OneShot is too unpopular and obscure.
I sorta get it, sometimes what makes a piece of media entertaining is its smaller more contained following which prevents it from soaking in too much toxicity, just look at fnaf or undertale where they've gained too much of a following, but at the exact same time, it just seems like blatant idiocy to reject publicity just because of an irrational fear of growing toxicity, yes, the community will without a doubt get more toxic as more people create conflicts within its fanbase but it's not like Jaiden’s fans being into OMORI won't bring anything positive, maybe we'll get more good art or good mods? As long as the toxicity of the fandom doesn't seep too much it's all alright with me.1
as a Jaiden fan i can say that the 99% of us are chill and wouldnt shit all over the fanbase like what happened with undertale and for a span between 2017-2021 aprox. FNaF
I trust you, as I am also a Jaiden fan, although, I won't be surprised if the Fanbase does go shit, FNF despite being as recent as 2020 became a toxic cesspool filled to the brim with screaming children and asshats.
yeah its just gatekeepers losing their shit because a few toxic ranboo fans went screaming and some dipshit omori gatekeepers got into fights with matpat fans. Like some fan bases got unlucky but not that many if were being honest if FNF didnt take the blow then undertale and fnaf may have never recovered from their respective toxic fan invasions. So honestly i hope they all just shut up soon
Perhaps worrying on how a big youtuber playing Omori can perhaps bring on a undertale fandom-esque state to this subreddit
Chances are most people that have played Omori have at least played an indie or unique  game with a similar fandom to Undertale.
I fucking hate gatekeeping
tbh this sub I'd already full of children
minor spelling mistake but yeah
Thats a problem, especially since Omori is an M rated game.
Nothing new.
They'll gladly exit if they find out what's hidden. Shouldn't be a problem
Fnaf was a game about avoiding robotic animals who were stuffed with the corpses of children and generally had a story that was extremely not kid friendly. And we all know how that series’s fandom turned out.
Actually who cares. The Omori community is already very casual and goofy, there is literally nothing to gatekeep
Mate the fans and the fandom was already cringe lmao I’m constantly seeing awful cringey memes on this subreddit already lol
Already happened
It's cool that Jaiden is playing! But I hope this fandom doesn't end up like Undertale 😬
stfu you have a hitler pfp. Also its been 2 years since the game’s release. Undertale quickly got fame within the month it got released. Omori still has yet to reach that imo
… it’s a Reddit NFT Hitler Pfp it’s mocking NFTS… I’m not a Nazi lmao. Also Your Name Is Sussy Imposter And You Have A Trollface Pfp. You Can’t Be Talking
🤨
What? 
🤨
 I am dying of laughter
Good.
yes. good
Nft?. . …. . 
Ikr NFTS Are A Waste Of Money And Cringe. Why Should I Spend 7000 Dollars On A Monkey With Glasses And Cool Hair
Yes, we can agree on this
THE FANDOM IS MUCH STRONGER THAN US, IT HAS ALREADY TAKEN FNAF, UNDERTALE, CUPHEAD, BENDY AND MORE- Idk if we can win! ;-;
mate making it a bigger deal then its seems
I just wanted to play along with the vibe-
sans undertale
whats undertale?
Ok now that I finished omori,I will go see this undertale demo and then hop into minecraft with my friends!
Imagine saying that Undertale was the Omori rip off if it was this timeline
Undertale 
Undertale and one shot are great games! I'm not sure how to explain it but they have the same vibe
Undertale
Has she played Undertale I highly recommend it
